the present food surplus can specifically serve the purpose of helping western china restore its woodlands , grasslands , and the beauty of its landscapes .
the establishment and design of projects must be fully debated and repeated comparisons must be made in order to make the project stand the test of time .
establish modernized meteorological , hydrological , and communications facilities , strengthen analysis and research of rainfall and water conditions , and improve the accuracy of forecasting .
following the reversion of hong kong and taiwan to the motherland , the issue of settling the taiwan problem is conspicuously facing the entire chinese people .
just like before , hundreds of villagers gathered at the square in front of the ancestral hall of the chung family to have mass greetings .
the master of the house is 69-year-old chung chi-chien , a retired public servant . he has three sons , one daughter , and three grandsons .
lam tsuen has enjoyed a long history . the ancestors of the villagers relocated here in the late years of song dynasty , which was 700 years ago .
acting russian prime minister putin specifically pointed out at the recent russian federation security council meeting that the new military doctrine is " a reply to nato . "
in order to be respected by others , it is essential to maintain nuclear potential and regard nuclear weapons as " political instruments for curbing the enemy . "
military experts point out that unless the russian authorities send in their armed forces , it is hardly imaginable that victory could be won in the chechen war .
hence , the military doctrine by which the russian armed forces were only used to deal with external aggression no longer suits today 's reality .
the people 's bank of china should make a public announcement on the issuing time , denomination , and major features of the corrected renminbi .
article 23 renminbi that are no longer in circulation , and are flawed or stained , should be recovered and destroyed by the people 's bank of china .
wang guangya reiterated that the chinese government will " resolutely defend china 's sovereignty , territorial integrity , national dignity , and national security . "
in this year 's new year fireworks show featuring a large number of series of varieties , fireworks of more than 200 varieties in 16 series were used .
mccain has been a congressman for many years . he was in the vietnam war , and spent five and a half years as a prisoner of war .
in addition , china 's economy as a growing force to be reckoned with in the global economy is another area that attracted much attention .
in view of the failure of the minister-level wto meeting in seattle , many participants wondered when another round of multilateral trade talks should be launched .
at the same time , representatives of the developing countries expressed great concern for the widening gap between the rich and the poor in the electronic age .
south africa 's president mbeki said that the information revolution brought by the internet has further widened the gap between the developing and the developed countries .
the hard-working , brave , clever , and wise chinese people can surely solve their own affairs and will finally realize the motherland 's complete reunification .
some people even believe that the united states asked for it since it refused to heed advice initially and had made a mess of things .
at present the main taiwan shipping companies have apparently completed their " struggle for berths " and associated preparatory work prior to the opening of direct sea routes .
chairman lee also said that all the people will have a chance to watch a play and see what a " modern wang mang " looks like .
the wealth of the united states belongs to the united states . the resources in china belong to china . british patents belong to britain .
after the lights were switched off , the jeep was like a small sandbag quietly waiting at a spot not far from the launching tower .
i just wanted to watch the " shenzhou " soar into the heaven from nearby .. after the triumph , i can finally talk about it now .
pointing at wang yongzhi , qian xuesen said to the chief designer : " this young man 's opinion is correct , and do as he says ! "
it turned out that the rocket 's range lengthened after some of the propellant was removed , and all the three missiles launched hit the target .
the following day he flew to the launch site and immediately convened a technical discussion meeting on whether to open up the craft to carry out crash repairs .
i looked toward the launch tower ; the tip of the spacecraft atop the rocket glinted in the dark desert as it moved away from the tower .
commander liu was full of emotion as he talked about the space city in the gobi , and even the 180,000 xinjiang poplars were full of vitality .
on the two rest days of the week , when things are quietest , liu mingshan brings flowers and stands alone before his wife 's memorial .
i will not only fulfill on time the task assigned me by the leadership but will ensure that it exceeds the leadership 's expectations . "
china 's science and technology publishers have borne the dual pressures of a surplus number of science and technology magazines and an excessive emphasis on foreign appraisal systems .
this means that in a period of 15 years , the number of articles published in scientific and technical periodicals domestically in china fell relatively by 26.2 percent .
the overemphasis on publishing abroad is not only divergent from objective reality , but also is not advantageous to the development of china 's scientific and technical journals .
in the course of its interventions , it has even created for the united states a new method of war : " war without engagement . "
political stability , economic growth , and social development depend to a very great extent on the production , dissemination , and application of information .
after israel began the air raids , palestine immediately made a strong response , expressing indignation over israel 's arrogant act of ignoring the regional peace process .
according to the relevant wto provisions , developing countries will in some respects enjoy differentials and favored treatment that are different from the developed countries .
the ecologically fragile areas in western china will speed up the development of agricultural production and water-efficient dry crops that can help preserve the ecological environment .
meanwhile , we will tighten the management of various trades with guidelines and speed up setting up the systems governing market information and agricultural standards .
the result of that meeting fully demonstrated the heightened conflict between the developing and the developed countries in the ways they handled global economic affairs .
third , it is necessary to sell domestic air route rights by open auction to encourage competition and remove the monopoly and privileges of caac-affiliated enterprises .
the steady transition of macao and the smooth handover of power is another successful practice of the " one country , two systems " concept .
after macao 's return to the motherland , the relationship between the msar and the region of taiwan has become a special component part of the cross-strait relationship .
last year the port handled 15.89 million containers , a figure which lifted the port into the status of china 's second largest container port .
li peng said that guangdong nuclear power has achieved great success in recent years , and i hope you will continue to work hard and do still better .
we mainly owe these scientific and technological achievements to our adherence to the party 's scientific and technological policies and respect to knowledge and talent .
even though she suffered all kinds of hardships in life , she has never changed her faith and continued to love the country and support the army .
without the love of the army and society , he could not have lived today . i am sincerely grateful to the party and the army !
renmin ribao on 12 february published a commentator 's article entitled " all members of society should concern themselves with and give support to education undertakings . "
starting immediately after this spring term begins , all middle schools and primary schools must resolutely abolish the practice of publishing students ' test score rankings .
the words " all the more " fully reflect that we have paid attention to and respected the opinions and role of the taiwan people .
both markets posted an average gain of more than nine percent at the close , with the total volume of transaction almost touching 50 billion [ shares ] .
funds raised through the stock market grew from the 5 billion yuan in 1992 to 130 billion yuan in 1997 and more than 150 billion yuan in 1999 .
many people in the securities industry believe the two new measures announced by the csrc and the central bank are conducive to stimulating the stock market .
our country has two favorable conditions for attracting foreign capital : one is the tremendous market potential , and the other is relatively cheap labor .
the court tried the case and sentenced dai mingyi to a six-year imprisonment on the charge of engaging in illegal business and confiscated his property of 10,000 yuan .
china also has developed " 53h2-type " guided missile escort ships , which are equipped with " three defenses " capability and an electronic war system .
as for the so-called " sino-russian joint opposition to an arms race in outer space , " zhu bangzao said clearly that it is inaccurate .
he indicated that foreign minister tang 's visit to iran will make a positive contribution to the further development of the two countries ' friendly cooperative relations .
he said : as the network economy is one of the important factors promoting a country 's sustained economic growth , network security is of particular importance .
china has two advantages to attract foreign capital . first , it has tremendous market potential . second , it has a comparatively cheap labor force .
recently , president clinton and secretary of state madeleine albright respectively have issued a statement stressing that the us government will eventually veto the act .
joining the wto and further expanding our opening up to the world will be of great significance for spurring the development of our national economy .
editor 's note : with the dawn of a new millennium , governments of all countries are drawing up development blueprints for a new century .
it was said at the briefings that beijing cracked 526 cases of drug-trafficking , arrested more than 700 drug-traffickers , and seized 138,000 grams of narcotics .
a host of facts have proved that the greater the dependence of society on network systems , the higher the incidence of computer crime becomes .
he pointed out : networks have developed rapidly in our country but we have rather few experts in network security and some websites still lack security consciousness .
as china 's major organizations are now becoming increasingly dependent on networks , there will be extremely grave consequences should hackers succeed in their assaults .
in addition , we should conscientiously tighten supervision and control over the quality of export and import products , and earnestly search for more effective methods of supervision .
wen jiabao speaks at ctrl financial work cmtte 's enlarged mtg 15 feb , urging leading cadres of financial depts to be uncorrupt and disciplined .
the cpc central committee has issued a series of important instructions on launching the " three stresses " education and consolidating and enlarging its fruits .
in particular , we must thoroughly consider which major problems affecting reform , development , and stability in our own areas and departments need to be resolved .
at the report meeting , xu zhigong described how he made up his mind to learn and his experience in studying and disseminating deng xiaoping theory .
at present , reforms of state and military affairs are intensifying and new situations and problems are emerging constantly . therefore we are faced with many heavy tasks .
this year , all the fee and fine collecting departments will comprehensively and thoroughly practice " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management .
article 21 . the enforcement of authority in administrative punishment and the appeal of administrative punishment shall be handled in accordance with the relevant state regulations .
if we rely solely on imported technologies , we will definitely be lagging behind others . can any foreign company give its key technologies to a competitor ?
to meet the need of the great national strategy of developing the western region , the ministry of communications has made plans to build eight major transportation lines .
" mao zedong , deng xiaoping , jiang zemin on ideological & political work , " edited by central propaganda department , published recently. cites book 's gist .
does china have any comment on the resignation one after the other of the two iraqi-based representatives of international organizations to protest un sanctions against iraq ?
zhu bangzao said : china urges relevant member states to adopt a constructive and responsible attitude and create conditions for the improvement of the humanitarian situation in iraq .
the eight-point proposition put forward by jiang zemin in 1995 on developing cross-strait relations and advancing the process of reunifying the motherland through peaceful means has not changed .
zhu rongji emphatically pointed out that our government is a people 's government , and a clean and honest administration is a minimum requirement for such a government .
the chinese government delegation led by zhu lilan arrived in zagreb on the afternoon of 16 february and will attend president mesic 's inauguration on 18 february .
reportedly , against the aforementioned background , news spread yesterday that cheung kong holdings , hutchison whampoa , and pacific cent cyber planned to buy hong kong telecom .
the training method was strongly opposed by experts when first proposed . quite a few people thought it sheer nonsense to train people this way .
one is the current contradictions in china 's economic structure that i summed up in brief , and the other is some policy-related suggestions that i made .
besides , residents are now changing from passive depositors to active investors , but the capital market lacks a series of coordinated rules and regulations .
in short , the shortage of public goods supply and the government 's functions being out of place are perhaps the core problems of the numerous structural contradictions .
first , the most direct goal of making structural adjustment is to bring china 's economy back to the normal orbit of growth as quickly as possible .
the central and local governments ' powers in office should be reasonably differentiated so that they will not intervene in the normal operations of the market mechanism .
moreover , china instituted land value-added taxes and regulatory taxes on investment in fixed assets , with a view to reining in overheating in investment through tax regulation .
authoritative figures said : although policy adjustment should be carried out in a timely fashion , a country should still keep its tax system relatively stable .
the heavy burden on primary and secondary school students is a chronic problem in china 's education and an obstacle to teenagers ' healthy growth .
the education department , the entire party , and the whole society should make joint efforts to strengthen management and adopt feasible measures to strive for practical results .
it is also necessary to further reform the entrance examination system and promptly establish entrance examination and education appraisal systems that meet the requirements of quality education .
he said : following the conclusion of the sino-us bilateral agreement , the process of negotiations between china and other wto members has accelerated noticeably .
vice premier qian emphatically pointed out : the taiwan issue has always been the most important and the most sensitive issue at the core of sino-us relations .
following his exchange of views with premier zhu rongji yesterday , this morning he held talks with shi guangsheng , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation .
he also said that , to join the wto , china still needs to hold talks with eu , mexico , and other members of the wto .
this will enormously increase the total amount of foreign capital introduced into this country , hopefully from 1998 's $ 45 billion to $ 100 billion in 2005 .
the circular urges : personnel departments at all levels should give full play to the role of their subordinate personnel markets to provide good-quality service to the graduates .
at the second session of the ninth npc , vice chairman jiang chunyun delivered the npc standing committee report , while chairman li peng presided over the session .
leading cadres at all levels should be clean , honest , and industrious . we should strive to increase the party committees ' rally force and fighting capacity .
zhu rongji noted the great arduousness of this year 's reform and development tasks , hence the great significance of doing well in the customs work .
second , lee teng-hui 's " two-state theory " further strengthened cpc leaders ' earnest hope that " an early reunification is better than a late one . "
this move has enabled numerous manufacturing enterprises and scientific research institutes to directly participate in the international competition , thus having helped expand foreign trade and export .
4 . late leading comrades ' former residences and places of work should be used normally and shall not be turned into commemorative sites without authorization .
the late leading comrades discussed in this paper refer to comrades who held leadership positions of the provincial-ministerial level before their death , the circular pointed out .
the " preface " points out that resolving the taiwan issue and realizing the complete reunification of china is in the fundamental interests of the chinese nation .
the chinese government has been consistent from beginning to end in upholding the one-china principle and resolutely opposing any attempts to separate taiwan from china .
in order to strive for peaceful reunification , the chinese government has repeatedly appealed for conducting cross-strait negotiation on equal footing and on the basis of one-china principle .
there is only one way for taiwan in the future , namely heading towards reunification with the mainland motherland but absolutely not being separated from china .
we hope the us government will faithfully abide by the three sino-us joint communiques and fulfill its " three noes " commitment with regard to taiwan .
the white paper also stresses : taiwan may apply a looser form of the " one country , two systems " principle than hong kong and macao .
under the jurisdiction of the guangzhou military region , the nanhai fleet and su-27 air force unit stationed in maomin assume the major responsibility for operations against taiwan .
meanwhile , the air force of the jinan military region took a rare action and dispatched a reorganized division to hold a cross-sea surprise attack exercise .
a general who witnessed this at the scene praised the pilots , saying : all the pilots trained by the heroic and mighty division are highly competent ones !
all its pilots have learned and mastered with excellent results both flexible and variable tactics and the law of defeating the enemy and winning a victory .
on the eve of the opening of the 10th un trade development council meeting , this writer was alarmed at a report and some figures .
the chinese side also wants to stress that the important role played by the united nations and its security council in international affairs cannot be replaced .
strengthening sino-turkish relations not only conforms to the fundamental interests of our two countries and two peoples , but is also beneficial to maintaining regional peace and stability .
from 17 to 18 february , chinese vice foreign minister yang jiechi and visiting us deputy secretary of state strobe talbott held sino-us strategic and security consultations .
we believe the release of the current white paper is of positive and important significance to the solution of the taiwan issue at an earlier date .
the former has proven by reality that the reunification of china according to the principle of " one country with two systems " is totally feasible .
we can only place our hopes of taiwan 's future and the reunification of the motherland on people in taiwan who have the honorable tradition of patriotism .
with the help of the police in a southeast asian country , chinese public security organs arrested and extradited zhang changli back to china in may 1999 .
in recent years , henan province has made remarkable achievements in using their own advantages and readjusting its agricultural structure . wen jiabao affirmed such achievements .
meeting participants generally felt that the release of the white paper " the one-china principle and the taiwan issue " is very essential and timely .
the leading cadres at all levels in the pla must study to gain high-tech knowledge and enhance their ability of commanding and winning in a high-tech war .
there is nothing new for this unit that college professors specially come for advice and equipment specialists come to ask for assistance in tackling difficult problems .
to create a new method of operation that can win future high-tech war , we must not only take risks but also endure setbacks and failures .
in 1999 , this underwater mighty force achieved repeated successes in drills organized for various new methods of operation , including attack , mine-laying , and anti-submarine .
chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao 22 february stated in explicit terms that china has no intention to attend the g-8 summit and its related activities .
the procurement policies for the main animal products were abolished in 1985 , and the basic role of the market in resource allocation was gradually brought into play .
china 's chicken meat output accounts for only about 12 percent of its total meat output , while chicken accounts for 23 percent of world meat production .
yet milk is gradually being accepted by middle-aged and older people as a replenisher of calcium , and this also comprises part of a stable consumer market .
us white house officials , however , have distorted it as " threatening the use of force . " this is a deliberate attempt to confuse public opinion .
this is because the " two states " theory has undermined the development of cross-strait relations , as well as the basis and precondition for peaceful reunification .
our party 's goal is to realize communism . in the current phase , our party 's goal is to construct socialism with chinese characteristics .
the chinese government has never announced any target exchange rate , and therefore is not obliged to maintain the yuan exchange rate at a particular level .
under the current exchange rate system , the trend of the yuan exchange rate against the us dollar is mainly determined by the balance of payments .
free convertibility will definitely become a reality in the long term , this also represents the direction for the development of the yuan exchange rate system .
the twists and turns in cross-straits relations over the past five years eloquently demonstrate the prescience and grasp of reality shown by chairman jiang 's proposal .
any and all issues are negotiable under the one china principle , including all the various issues that are of concern to the taiwan government .
at the turn of the century , we sense the heavy responsibility on our shoulders in the march toward a complete reunification of the motherland .
so it is imperative and urgent to take effective measures and strengthen law enforcement in order to protect forest resources and improve the natural environment .
the import of foreign agricultural products will have an impact on the income sources and job opportunities for china 's peasants , who are small-scale producers .
in order to avoid risks , the wto has formulated a set of risk prevention mechanisms that include the fields of goods trade and services trade .
in recent years , however , what used to be covert secessionist activities of " taiwan independence " advocates have become increasing more overt and rampant .
what is even more worrisome is the fact that certain leaders of the taiwan authorities have brazenly gone against the one china principle step by step .
the data cited in this article all comes from the " compilation of national data on agricultural costs and returns , " except where otherwise indicated .
if however we use the figure for production costs per 50 kg of grain , we can more accurately reflect the real trends of change over many years .
comparing the percentage increases in the tax-inclusive production cost of grain and the selling price of grain , the latter was higher by about 1.15 percentage points .
under the planned economy system , during the 13 years from 1965 to 1978 , grain production costs rose by only 1.19 percent a year .
3 . expenditure on fertilizer in taiwan is relatively low , accounting for about 8 percent , whereas on the mainland the proportion exceeds 19 percent .
and the grain procurement price set by the state always stays unchanged for several years , and moreover increases instead of falling in most years .
realizing the motherland 's total reunification is a common wish of all chinese people , including taiwan compatriots , and is where their fundamental interests lie .
when spelling out the three conditions for the use of force against taiwan , we were both serious and prudent , taking various factors into account .
for this reason , we must stress that the issue of taiwan cannot be postponed indefinitely because indefinite rejection of negotiations will only lead to war .
prior to the convocation of the " two sessions , " this reporter had interviews with some npc deputies and cppcc members on the topic of economic reform .
the " debt-equity swap " policy , since its stipulation in the second half of 1999 , has acquired active response from the state-owned large and medium-sized enterprises .
last year , the central bank canceled the regional restrictions on the operating branches of foreign-funded banks , thus expanding foreign-funded banks ' renminbi business scale .
from 1 october , the central bank canceled the restrictions on supplying foreign exchange only once a year for residents ' private tours to foreign countries .
hopefully , li denghui and the taiwan authorities will think through the matter , and do not become criminals condemned by the history of the chinese nation .
the fundamental reason has been that " taiwan independence " is contrary to the wishes and fundamental interest of the people of taiwan and enjoys no popular support .
taiwan is now at a crossroad . taiwan is faced with a major choice : moving towards separation and war or towards reunification and peace .
the guiding principle of the npc standing committee in supervision is to attach equal importance to legislation and supervision and both legal supervision and administrative supervision .
last year , attention was also paid to ensuring the impartiality of various departments and the work of drafting laws by special committees was further improved .
being unable to stand the tests under the new situation , a small number of people have wavered in their ideals , faith , and sense of values .
he pledged of his own accord to completely break away from falungong and return to the correct position on the side of the party and the people .
hc --- luo gan stresses building stronger judicial contingents to safeguard social stability at natl teleconf on strengthening grasssroots judicial contingents held in bj 25 feb .
jiang zemin was very happy to see the economic development , urban construction , and the tremendous changes in the people 's material and cultural life in shenzhen .
that this issue has dragged on for a half century and remained unresolved precisely is the result of intervention by foreign forces including the united states .
on 24 february , li peng spoke at the meeting on the " three stresses " education held by the leading cadres of zhangjiagang city .
in recent years , lee teng-hui [ li teng-hui ] has constantly advocated " two chinas " and other fallacies and openly carried out splitting activities .
he stressed once again : economic development cannot be made without science and technology , and new and high-tech industries cannot develop without talented people .
the total amount of treasury bonds to be issued in this phase will be 50 billion yuan . they include two-year bonds , three-year bonds and five-year bonds .
2 . the sale of treasury bonds to be issued in this phase will begin on 1 march 2000 and end on 20 april 2000 .
explanation of law boosts the usability of law , which is advantageous to the safeguarding of the authority of law and the unification of legal systems .
before the meeting began , attendees of the meeting expressed profound condolences to hou jie , a standing committee member who passed away after the seventh standing committee .
secondly , the " decision " of the fourth plenary session of the 15th cpc central committee has further unified the thinking of the whole party .
the key state enterprises directly under the control of the central authorities are the vanguards of state enterprises , and a major pillar of the state economy .
it will benefit china in participating in drawing up new rules for international trade , preserving china 's legitimate interests , and enhancing our international status .
we must organically integrate joining the wto with building a socialist market economy setup and promoting economic development , and make all-round considerations and unified plans .
we should speed up the strategic reorganization of the enterprises , form a rational economic scale , and develop a number of powerful large enterprises and consortia .
we must strengthen management , adopt modern management technique , methods , and measures , and strengthen production cost , fund , and quality controls .
although the growth rate in 1999 as a whole could not be considered high , the market had begun to show a level of activism in dynamic terms .
some 84 million people benefited from this policy , and it is hoped that residents ' income will increase by over 100 billion yuan a year .
some of the deputies gave this evaluation : " with no duplicate construction , we have done things that we wanted to do for many years . "
we must attach importance to mobilizing the masses ' initiative and creativity in the process of strengthening the building of grassroots democracy and the legal system . "
there is only one china in the world ; taiwan is part of the chinese territory ; and china 's territory and sovereignty must not be separated .
blair said that china and the united states share common interests in safeguarding peace and development in the asia-pacific region and the world at large .
and some of the members who attended the plenary session held a forum today on the white paper on " the one-china principle and the taiwan problem . "
the committee members put forward many opinions and suggestions on the contents of the draft work report that concern work and tasks for the year ahead .
the ninth npc standing committee today also held group deliberations on the draft agenda for the third session of the ninth npc and other matters .
the chinese government is cooperating with the un high commissioner for human rights office to hold the eighth asia-pacific human rights seminar in beijing on 1-3 march .
an economist of the chinese academy of social sciences revealed that the gdp growth target for 2000 also will be set at about 7 percent .
considering these factors , it is expected that china 's exports growth will be higher than last year , and the growth probably will approach 10 percent .
we are pleased to see that the sino-russian strategic cooperative partnership has continued maintaining a sound development momentum as the world moves into the new millennium .
according to 1998 statistics , there are 514,200 married women of childbearing age in tibet , 36.29 percent of whom have three or more children .
i hope that the leading comrades of the party committees and government at all levels will attach great importance to education and to ideological work for young students .
we should realize that although science and technology in china is developing with every passing day , the general level lags far behind that of developed countries .
third , in the geographic distribution of china 's population , the eastern and western regions respectively account for approximately 40 and 60 percent of the total .
conditions for western development the large-scale western development is a great strategic change in china 's distribution of economic areas which has tremendous and profound significance .
schools are not the only one to blame for the various problems associated with some young people ; these problems also reflect the influences of society .
to solve these problems , it is essential to mobilize schools , families , and even society at large to work together to achieve tangible results .
philosophy , as a systematized and theorized world outlook and methodology , has all along been regarded as a " science of wisdom " in its highest sense .
engels once said : if a nation wishes to stand on the highland of science , it cannot do without theoretical thinking for a single moment .
the changes in the world have brought new opportunities to the chinese nation which has a population of over 1.2 billion and enjoys an over 5,000-year-long civilization .
the law committee held a meeting yesterday morning to study the npc standing committee 's opinions one by one and make amendments to the draft decision .
china 's people 's congress system is precisely the outcome of the integration of the marxist theory of state power with the specific practice of china 's revolution .
although countries in the asia-pacific region do not share exactly the same position and viewpoint on human rights , we obviously have more similarities than differences .
qian qichen stressed that asia-pacific countries should strengthen their joint actions in realizing economic , social , and cultural rights as well as development rights .
he indicated that democracy and the rule of law are not exclusive rights of any specific country and a unified model does not exist in today 's world .
beijing , 1 mar ( xinhua ) -- tian fengshan , former heilongjiang governor who is 59 years old , was appointed minister of land and resources today .
tian fengshan , who was born in zhaoyuan county , heilongjiang province , took part in work since july 1961 and joined the cpc in march 1970 .
this should be a natural process set off by economic development ; the " third tier construction " of the 1960s involving factory relocation was something entirely different .
we must also realize however that from the angle of changing the pattern of resource allocation , we have not yet made the big breakthrough in reform .
with regard to joining the world trade organization , one recent reaction has been blind optimism and the belief that china will profit whatever it does .
since these areas where objective conditions are not particularly good can achieve this , other areas where conditions are better can naturally do the same .
he said : taiwan 's troops have another fatal weakness , namely , they are too dependent on other countries and are subject to many restrictions .
the two countries ' foreign ministers held talks in which they fully exchanged views over bilateral relations and over major issues in the current international situation .
according to a statistical report , an average of approximately 20 violent scenes will be shown in each hour of tv programs for children in the united states .
whether children and youngsters can safely and healthily grow up is one of the most important indexes in judging the situation of human rights in a country .
he said with feeling that the talent market was been increasingly open and job opportunities are increasing , but the requirements of employers are increasingly high .
it is no wonder that the algerian president uttered at the united nations that " sovereignty is our last line of defense against an unequal world system . "
another argument for " human rights are above sovereignty " that some western countries dish out is that human value is higher than that of of the state .
china will , as always , work with other countries to make its contribution to the progress of the world 's cause of human rights .
in particular , if the fuel tax can be formally put into implementation this year , then , economic cars may probably get the greatest profits .
no doubt , this will bring certain buffet or impact on the traditional economic car producing enterprises and even on the medium-class car producing enterprises .
this bill was initially proposed by jesse helms , chairman of the us senate foreign relations committee , and senator robert torricelli on 24 march 1999 .
chen xitong 's lunch includes two dishes with soup . his dinner was quite abundant with special privileges , including four dishes and a soup .
first of all , the 1.3 billion people on the mainland resolutely oppose the idea of " taiwan independence " and this is an unsurpassable force .
second , most people on taiwan island will not follow ch 'en shui-pien . the scope of influence of his idea of " taiwan independence " is limited .
in order to have a favorable development for dpp , i am convinced that it should change its stand . the change should at least include two connotations .
today , the " fourth territory , " produced by the cyber century , is closely connected with the contention for the " third territory . "
however , this is merely the most basic element of virtual countries . what is more important is the right to control the " information " from abroad .
just for this reason , the unclear virtual national boundaries have led to the hidden nature and complexity of the virtual territory and the sovereign contention .
during the meeting , putin stressed that the russian side would strictly adhere to the principles set forth in all the joint documents issued by both countries .
he pointed out that maintaining regular meetings between high-level leaders of the two countries is critical to developing and deepening the strategic cooperative partnership between russia and china .
tian zengpei replied calmly : " last year the cppcc national committee held an ad hoc standing committee meeting to discuss the issue of environment and development .
the speech is a representative of the highest interest of the cpc as well as the fundamental interest of the broad masses of the chinese people . "
with party building strengthened and work style of cadres consolidated , we will be able to accelerate the modernization drive of the west region . "
in the three joint communiques , the us government acknowledged that there is only one china , and that taiwan is part of chinese territory .
sino-us ties are hard-earned because they are the result of the joint efforts of the two us political parties and previous governments for the past two decades .
in the work reports of the cppcc national committee and the government this year , the section on taiwan will be the longest compared with previous years .
in the large self-service dining room , politburo member and guangdong party secretary li changchun lines up with the deputies to select food and dine .
at today 's meeting , the " revised cppcc constitution ( draft ) " will also be submitted for the deliberation of the committee members .
solidifying our national defense , protecting our motherland and ensuring that the people can work in a peaceful situation are sacred missions entrusted by the constitution .
he said that the purpose of his visit to china is to promote the continuous development of cooperation in various fields between the two countries .
presided over by chairman li ruihuan , the session first examined and approved the agenda of the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee .
entrusted by the standing committee of the ninth cppcc national committee , vice chairman ye xuanping delivered a report on the standing committee 's work .
the grand development of the western region is a strategy of overall interest and will be " win-win " to both eastern and western regions . "
on the whole , the first two steps of china 's strategic target have been fulfilled ahead of schedule , at a level higher than the preset standards .
during the past year , the cppcc national committee sent 18 delegations to visit 25 countries and received delegations or groups from seven countries . "
the historical experiences have proven that peace can only be secured by " ability to fight " and peace is based on " ability to fight " only .
member dong shilin from zhejiang university asked for statistical data from working staff and planned to bring them back to his lodging place for careful study .
at its various meetings , members of the cppcc national committee positively spoken and made proposals on implementation of the strategy for governing the country according to law .
we sternly refuted lee teng-hui 's [ li denghui 's ] " two-state " theory and strongly condemned the taiwan authorities for attempting to divide the motherland .
on the arrangements for the work of the cppcc national committee in 2000 , ye xuanping put forward his views in six aspects : 1 .
we should bring the comprehensive efficiency of democratic supervision into full play and gradually establish a standardized , orderly , and truly effective mechanism for exercising democratic supervision .
in the wake of the reversion of hong kong and macao , china 's complete reunification has become the chinese nation 's principal mission in the new century .
china 's basic rural changes are attributable to the correct guidance of deng xiaoping theory and to the firm leadership of the third-generation leading core .
the people of handan deeply feel that to have a new outlook in the new century , handan cannot depart at any moment from deng xiaoping theory .
we hope that the two sides across the taiwan strait conduct dialogue and negotiations based on the principle of " one china " and develop healthy cross-strait relations .
so a final solution to the taiwan problem , to achieve our complete national reunification , has become a more pressing aspiration and demand of the chinese people .
we firmly believe that , through the joint efforts of all chinese , including our taiwan compatriots , our compete national reunification will definitely be achieved .
we would like to ask members from hong kong to air more views . do not just talk in hong kong , please also air your views here .
i would not have made such a rash act if you were not my fellow townsman . i dared to offend you because you are my fellow townsman .
your views are of great help to improving the work of the government , and will prove highly constructive to promoting our democratic and scientific decision-making process .
so it is undoubtedly an empirical interpretation of the " resolve and capability to defend national reunification " that the chinese army has repeatedly declared .
since the tv series " chinese army " has been showing , it is believed that a so-called " armed threat theory " will steadily appear .
committee member cai jiming suggested that the state should include extra-budgetary funds in budgets for management and strengthen supervision on the use of financial funds .
they gave a account of the economic development in hong kong and aired their views and made proposals on the economic policies of the country .
finally settling the taiwan issue to realize the complete reunification of the motherland has become an ever more urgent wish and demand of all chinese people .
he extended his cordial regards and best wishes to the members of the cppcc national committee and , through them , to the taiwan compatriots .
we are firmly believe that the complete reunification of the motherland can certainly be realized through the joint efforts of all chinese , including the taiwan compatriots .
in the past few days , the deputies in our delegation have been thinking over what are the " sources " of the rapid economic development in fujian .
over the past 20-odd years , earthshaking changes have taken place in fujian 's economic and social appearances with the aggregate quantity of the economy continuously increasing .
zhang wannian said : bringing about total reunification of the motherland is a common will and wish of all chinese people , including taiwan compatriots .
we have the greatest sincerity to realize peaceful reunification , and will do all we can and make the greatest efforts to strive for peaceful reunification .
buhe pointed out : the work of actively developing west china is a large-scale and systematic project . we must stress key tasks and systematically implement them .
he held : whether we can truly develop china 's west regions depends on people , on correct leadership , and on the implementation of policies .
hainan is the motherland 's treasure island with good ecology and unique resources , and we must carefully protect them and use them in a rational way .
jiang zemin pointed out that in speeding up infrastructure construction with state support , the western areas must give priority to developing education and science and technology .
in connection with " three stresses " education , we should enhance the quality of the cadre force and the cohesion and combat strength of the party organizations .
we have the greatest sincerity to realize peaceful reunification ; we will do our best and exert our utmost efforts to strive for peaceful reunification .
the government work report for this year involves extremely careful arrangements for expanding domestic demand and developing the economy , but does not include economic growth targets .
on foreign investment in value-added services , wu jichuan said that there will be conditions for foreign investment in value-added business after china joins the wto .
zeng peiyan discussed the following : -- economic development continued the good trend , and the quality of economic growth and economic results improved to some extent .
growth in fixed asset investments has slowed down and some factors have constrained increase in people 's consumption , constraining the consumption sphere from expanding .
he stressed : the large-scale development of the western region is a long-term and arduous task , which entails the hard efforts of several generations .
xiang huaicheng said : total revenue in the local budgets for 2000 amounts to 1.0434 trillion yuan , an increase of 7.8 percent over the actual 1999 figure .
he said : the main content of the on-going reform of the budget system is to further divide the budgetary categories and compiling departmental budgets .
steps should be taken gradually to expand the scope of government procurement to include all office stationery , equipment , facilities , and related services .
impractical and difficult to implement china 's compulsory requirement for foreign firms to hand over their encrypted keys for internet security reasons has aroused strong resentment .
party and state leaders jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , hu jintao , wei jianxing , and li lanqing attended the meeting .
he said that on the basis of steady growth in the national economy , the execution of the 1999 central and local budgets was relatively good .
sheng huaren said : in 1999 , efforts to execute enterprise mergers and bankruptcies were intensified and debt-to-equity swaps and key technological transformation work comprehensively carried out .
there are great prospects for developing markets for information products . relevant specialists predicted that the value of such products will reach 6 trillion yuan by 2010 .
third , deng xiaoping 's conclusion that " science and technology are the primary productive force " has been understood by more and more people .
in the " 10th five-year plan , " which will soon be formulated , the ministry of science and technology will fully expound this idea .
at present , china has a sellers ' market in science and technology . only pressure can promote development and only demand can lead to progress .
deputy liu yingming pointed out : we should give priority to educational development during the information era because education determines a nation 's rise and fall .
following the reversion of macao , wang emphatically pointed out , the original capitalist system and lifestyle remain unchanged . the political framework is operating as usual .
zeng peiyan said that china has alleviated the strain on power supply following the construction of the power projects in the last two five-year plan periods .
while admitting that in the inland there was a tendency toward deflation , zeng peiyan did not think that the inland was facing a serious situation of deflation .
the 78 large- and medium-scale ongoing projects in the western region should be sped up with the kick-in of more than 30 billion yuan this year .
we should continue to put aiding the poor through development in an important position in national economic and social development and do this work with perseverance .
the reporter asked general li laizhu whether the mainland 's cruise missiles are capable of hitting lee teng-hui 's desk just like the outside world said ?
central expenditures exceeded revenue , leaving a deficit of 179.7 billion yuan or 600 million yuan more than the amount allowed by the npc standing committee last year .
in 1999 , the combined total revenue accounted for 13.9 percent of the gross domestic product [ gdp ] , more than in 1997 and in 1998 .
the chinese people will not let it happen . the pla is duty-bound to fulfill its sacred mission in protecting china 's unification and national interests .
xu shanlin and 30 other npc deputies have jointly put forward a resolution entitled the " law of the prc governing economic development in the western region . "
to create a micro-basis for a market economy and increase the competitiveness of enterprises , with the stress on making a strategic readjustment of the state-owned economy .
deputy wu ching-hui said : on the issue of corruption , effective measures should be adopted and effective supervision in various forms should be strengthened .
the npc has set up bilateral friendship groups with parliaments of more than 50 foreign countries . the figure may increase in the days to come .
hong kong delegation head wu kang-min presided over today 's discussion meeting , which was attended by he chunlin , secretary general of the npc standing committee .
economists taking part in the two sessions believe that the implementation of a proactive fiscal policy is the most direct and effective means of increasing domestic demand .
everything is for the people , and everything relies on them . all the work of the party should be based on serving the people wholeheartedly .
reconstructing dilapidated one-story housing , bringing qiangzi river under control , and rebuilding the heping road are all projects that benefit the people and enjoy immense popular support .
the conduct of security dialogue will help enhance mutual understanding between the two countries , expand consensus between the two sides , and promote cooperation in relevant areas .
on the question of nuclear weapons in south asia , he said that china believes india should comprehensively and seriously implement un security council 's resolution no. 1172 .
it is imperative to boost the drive of returning cultivated land to forestry and reinforce environmental protection in a bid to restore the northwest region 's beautiful scenery .
deputies chen xuchu , gong deshun , shan lun , and chen youde also made some suggestions on developing the western region in line with shaanxi 's situation .
following that , macao has also realized the great concept of " one country , two systems . " the present situation of macao is also very good .
qian qichen pointed out : the fact that china not committing itself to rule out the use of force is precisely beneficial to the realization of peaceful reunification .
cao bochun [ 2580 0130 4783 ] said : our principle and tasks are clear . how they should be implemented depends on our cadres .
however , the tasks ahead remain arduous and formidable . we must continue to exert great efforts to carry the anti-corruption struggle to greater depths .
the party 's absolute leadership over the army should be always upheld so as to be politically firm and advanced and ideologically and morally pure .
in conducting visits and inspections abroad and other foreign affairs activities , it is necessary to pay attention to promoting our own products and enterprises .
doing well the work in these two aspects will play a great promotive role in our further deepening reform and expanding the scope of opening up . ( by
premier zhu rongji , in his government work report , expounded again on the chinese government 's basic principle and stance in resolving the taiwan issue .
according to the assessment of the us armed forces , the " patriot " missile companies provided valuable defense for the ports and airports of saudi arabia .
such confidence was attributed to the " patriot " missiles as well as to a large number of news propagandists employed by the us armed forces .
mexico was included in this appraisal report . so the personages on all circles of mexico expressed strong dissatisfaction with such a domineering act of the united states .
the trend of diversification in social components , economic components , organizational forms , material interests and hiring methods will further develop in the future .
meanwhile , we should integrate ecological projects with a rational operation of peasants , instead of simply ordering peasants to return their grain plots and stop felling trees .
we will make continued efforts to readjust the industrial structure of old industrial bases in liaoning through such means as bankruptcy , merger , and technical transformation .
the chinese government promises that after entering the wto , it will lower its tariffs on some agricultural products and guide and encourage foreign investment in agriculture .
he emphatically pointed out that , in a developing country like china , we must first solve problems of the right of survival and the right of development .
i have said many times that the hong kong basic law is a nationwide law which must be observed by the whole country , not just hong kong .
people in all walks of life in hong kong should strengthen unity on the basis of upholding the fundamental interests of the state and hong kong .
jiang zemin pointed out : the main policy to implement " one country , two systems " will be the same in hong kong and macao .
li peng held : i am very happy to call on you deputies , especially in the macao hall of the great hall of the people .
abulahat also said : national splittist activities in xinjiang existed in the past , still exist now , and is also likely to exist in the future .
people of various nationalities in xinjiang wholeheartedly welcome other provinces and municipalities to work hand-in-hand with xinjiang and participate and support xinjiang 's large-scale development .
xinjiang 's large-scale development , which is bound to result in rapid economic development and improved living standards in xinjiang , will only further consolidate national unity .
he stressed : carrying out the great development of the western region also will provide a rare opportunity for beijing 's economic and social development .
at the turn of the century , in-depth and complicated changes are taking place in the situation , tasks , and environment our party is facing .
peasants ' incomes noticeably and quickly increased to percent [ no percentage figure -- as received ] last year , reaching the highest level in recent years .
when the world trade organization meeting was held in seattle last year , the meeting eventually could not go on because of being besieged by demonstrators .
he expressed the belief that the sar government would make an effective study of those matters and formulate policies , to which the central government will not interfere .
president jiang stated that he has talked about both " river water not interfering with well water " and " well water not interfering with river water " .
the decision on not raising taxes will help disclose whether the current fiscal deficit is a structural one or one caused by an economic cycle .
the theme of the fiscal budget is " scaling new heights , " which is exactly an ardent aspiration shared by some 7 million hong kong residents .
this is why the government revenue has fallen and its operating expenses have risen sharply at a rate higher than that of gdp for three years running .
the activities of a handful of splittists cannot affect the large-scale development of the western region , nor can they affect xinjiang 's economic development .
to represent the fundamental interests of the majority of the people , one must concentrate on developing productive forces and create more material and spiritual wealth .
reporter : president jiang , this is the first time that a macao delegation has come to beijing for the two sessions , is this of important significance ?
if i go on talking i will be affecting your ( hong kong delegation ) discussion , and it will also be turning into a news conference .
what we want to reduce is the excessive and unnecessary burden on students . we do not mean that students should not have any schoolwork burden .
jia qinglin , deputy to the npc session , said that beijing should exert efforts to study and resolve three major questions in the year 2000 .
speeding up the development of the west helps boost the economic strength of the west , narrow the gap between regional economies , and harmonize regional economic development .
in developing the west , we must attach importance to protecting the environment and resources , upholding ecological equilibrium , and bring about sustainable development .
however , not one wto member state 's economy has ever seriously been impacted just owing to the application of the internationally fairly low tariff rates .
in the past two years , the people have been extremely concerned about , and have given great support to , the work of the npc standing committee .
these two speeches and one document have evoked strong repercussions and attracted universal attention in taiwan as well as in the international community as a whole .
it will speed up the drafting of the property rights and state asset laws and will establish and improve a socialist property rights system with chinese characteristics .
in legislative work , it is essential to prevent the impact of departmental interests and local protectionism and to safeguard the unity of the socialist legal system .
as to the laws that have a direct bearing on popular interests , it should continue to announce draft bills in newspapers and solicit opinions from all sides .
party and state leaders jiang zemin , zhu rongji , li ruihuan , hu jintao , wei jianxing , and li lanqing attended the meeting .
this was the first time in npc history that the standing committee chairman has delivered the report on the work of the standing committee to the npc .
acting as a sonar serviceman for 24 years , he has a habit ; that is , he records all kinds of sound he hears .
being capable of hiding and fighting long voyages and concealment are submarines ' real skills . conquering the enemy and winning a victory are submarines ' masterly skills .
the aforementioned matters are major matters that concern the state 's basic political system , economic system , and civil , criminal , and other legal systems .
in future , the scope of authorized legislation will naturally become smaller as laws become gradually perfect and a more complete legal system gradually takes shape .
the draft law also makes relevant stipulations on the procedures for proposing , drafting , deliberating , putting to a vote , and promulgating legal interpretations .
after china joins the wto , most of these restrictions must be abolished , and the relevant regulations must be amended or abolished to avoid future conflict .
these are mainly to be carried out through strategic economic readjustment , speeding up structural reforms , and further perfecting the rule of law basis of market economy .
at the same time , the problem of being unadapted and unaccustomed to many of the rules requires that we gradually change our old behavior standards .
the socialization of logistics support and other reform items were promoted positively , and all the preparations for kicking off the joint service system were completed on schedule .
given the new situation , the army should continue to carry forward its fine tradition and make new contributions to the economic construction of the state .
second , legislation should focus on the central task of the party and the state and cater to the overall interests of reform , development , and stability .
if we fail to set high standards and strict demands in management , it will be hard to enhance china 's economic competitiveness and ability to resist risks .
the focus in strengthening the scientific management of the enterprises must be on grasping various management aspects centered on management of finances and production costs and quality control .
we must further rectify the enterprise leadership groups , and in particular select young cadres with ability and political integrity to augment the enterprise leadership groups .
we must firmly grasp a correct guiding direction for the media 's propaganda and comprehensively , correctly and deeply promote the party lines , strategies and policies .
npc deputies have commented favorably on the work of npc during the past two years and suggested that chairman li peng personally make a report .
the npc deputies from macao special administrative region have also organized an independent group to take part in managing state affairs in the current session .
there is no denying the fact that chinese-invested overseas enterprises are comparatively small businesses , their scales far below the average of those of developed countries .
the focal point and method of ideological and political work in every period are consistently strengthened and improved in line with the changes in the current difficult problems .
ye danian , a member of the science association panel , said that people of this generation profoundly feel the impact of " how to make steel . "
faced with the imminent new century , the deputies and committee members pointed out that china 's future brilliance must be forged by high-quality talent .
the session has proceeded smoothly in accordance with its agenda and as scheduled with a relatively high attendance rate and a heated atmosphere at its panel discussions .
moreover , the members also put forth some views on how to revise the work report , which have been summed up and divided into some 40 categories .
compared to the state budgets of the united states and japan , in china 's state budget , expenditures for national defense are very low .
the socialization of logistics support and other reform items were promoted actively , and all the preparations for kicking off the joint service system were completed on schedule .
under the situation whereby the legislative system is constantly being perfected and new laws are being formulated , we must strengthen study of new knowledge .
after the liberation , shanxi has become an important base of energy resources and heavy chemical industry , and energetically supported the economic construction of the entire country .
during the tenth five-year plan period and even a longer period to come , we should still have a good grasp of the poverty relief work unremittingly .
jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , hu jintao , wei jianxing , li lanqing and other party and state leaders were seated on the rostrum .
through practice , " the investigation of wrongly-charged cases " was promoted throughout the country . this effectively checked and prevented corruption in law enforcement .
we must further intensify our efforts , improve on the methods and procedures , and pay attention to quality , in order not to let the people down .
with the subsequent live-broadcast of court hearings , the masses can " see with their own eyes " the " inside story " of these hearings at home .
therefore , to settle the taiwan issue , it is imperative to get rid of us interference and to properly make preparation for military struggle .
member lu tsung-lin said that china would encounter pressure from competition of personnel , competition with foreign enterprises , and employment after its entry into the wto .
4 . there must be main points , bases , and plans for writing motions . motions on law should include draft amendments to laws .
as a policy decision of farreaching strategic significance , the great development of west china became a focal issue for the members at this year 's session .
the central financial deficit was 179.7 billion yuan , 600 million yuan less than the budget ; total local financial surplus was 3.8 billion yuan .
only in the great family of nationalities of the socialist motherland , can the prospects of people of various nationalities in xinjiang be better . "
major achievements have been made in reforming state-owned enterprises and freeing them from business predicaments , but serious attention should be paid to existing difficulties and problems .
the central bank should appropriately increase money supply to financial institutions with necessary conditions so that financial institutions may play a greater role in supporting economic growth .
party and government leaders jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , hu jintao , wei jianxing and li lanqing were seated on the rostrum .
at the turn of the millennium and the century , one doubly feels the rapid passing of time and the value of time by reviewing the past .
the trend toward globalization is accelerating ; the impact of the world market on national economies are becoming more prominent and international competition and cooperation are further deepening .
there is continual conceptual renovation ; various cultural exchanges are expanding daily ; and the notions of opening , competition , and efficiency are getting markedly stronger .
the most important feature of time is its being one-dimensional . time makes no allowance for anyone , waits for no one , and does not come back .
as fully demonstrated by history , whenever this principle is adhered to , our cause will develop successfully ; otherwise , our cause will suffer setbacks .
the subcommittee for handling proposals will promptly examine the proposals received after the deadline and place them on file , to be referred to relevant units for handling .
after the issuance of general secretary jiang zemin 's speech , sanya city party committee immediately held an enlarged standing committee meeting to study measures for implementation .
it stands to reason that scientific and technological progress will inevitably bring about the changes of ideological concept . in fact , this case is also true .
party and state leaders , including li peng , zhu rongji , li ruihuan , hu jintao , wei jianxing , and li lanqing , attended the forum .
to properly handle the relationship between economic development and population control , we must develop the economy , control population and enhance the population quality .
jiang zemin noted : during this new century , we should strengthen , not weaken , the work on population , resources and environment in china .
the party and government principal leaders should coordinate the work and organize the efforts of all sectors to comprehensively tackle the population , resources and environmental problems .
the motions have played an important role in helping cppcc perform its functions and furthering all types of work for national economic and social development .
shanghai has worked out plans , preparing to integrate these industries with the international economy , including preparing to purchase spare parts from the international market .
the deputies pointed out that it is necessary to promote reform and development while maintaining social stability and maintain social stability in the course of reform and development .
talking about the correct handling of the relations between stability , reform , and development , some deputies stressed the importance of instituting a social security system .
second , we should strictly carry out the state 's stipulations and take positive and effective measures to guard against arbitrary charges imposed on peasants .
moreover , they should concentrate their efforts on the two major issues of developing the economy and lightening the burdens of the peasants while increasing their incomes .
the early settlement of the taiwan issue is the common aspiration and strong voice of the people of all nationalities throughout the country , including the taiwan people .
we began waging a resolute struggle against the " two-state theory " soon after lee teng-hui [ li teng-hui ] dished out it in july last year .
deputy zhang wentai said the armed forces should set even high standards for " stressing theoretical studies , political awareness , and good conduct . "
on the other hand , the state hopes that promising enterprises will use the capital market to raise funds for reorganizing their assets and expanding their business .
he said : when the " two sessions " were held last year , i made a suggestion on reforming the system for issuing new stocks .
in the past , many people in hong kong had misgivings and doubted whether the concept of " one country , two systems " would be practicable .
in the meantime , they should abide by these rules and prevent the unnecessary economic and trade frictions and disputes arising from the ignorance of the rules .
if changes in taiwan politics lead to taiwan " independence , " then that will only mean to trigger off a war across the straits .
at the end , the article says : solving the taiwan issue and realizing the motherland 's complete reunification is the chinese people 's sacred mission .
he indicated that the broad masses of tibetan people would further recognize the nature of dalai lama and carry out a deepgoing , persistent struggle against splittism .
the traditional approach to support the poor is reformed by replacing " blood transfusion " with " blood manufacturing " to support by way of development .
beijing , 13 march ( zts ) -- the grand development of the western region is an important policy of china in the new century .
fourth , economic and trade disputes among members can be resolved and dealt with on an equal footing through the wto 's dispute settlement mechanism .
we should let the enterprise operators and management make their own decisions and manage things boldly , and also exercise the necessary supervision over them .
zhu rongji pointed out that the questions of agriculture , the rural areas , and the peasants are always the fundamental issues in china 's reforms and development .
li tieying stressed the need to fully understand that safeguarding the party 's political and propaganda discipline is of paramount importance to running the cass well .
in the face of major issues of principle , we must be sober-minded and firm and must place particular emphasis on the enforcement of political and propaganda discipline .
facts showed that the taiwan people have realized that if taiwan chooses the road of " taiwan independence " that means it chooses the road of war .
over the last few days , national defense information security , particularly internet security , has been a favorite topic for discussion among pla deputies .
when discussing internet security , awareness about hidden dangers cropped up in these deputies ' minds -- national defense information security is facing a serious challenge .
they also make every attempt to instigate and direct turmoil and disturbances to obstruct tibet 's economic construction , social stability , and national rejuvenation .
we must never slacken our vigilance for a moment and must be ready at all times to smash their plots and schemes to harm the country and tibet .
some congressmen who opposed the bill changed to a wait-and-see attitude or even supported it , while vacillating congressmen changed their minds and approved the bill .
the first point is , we can take the opportunity of accession to the wto to consolidate our existing laws and ordinances , especially regulations and regulatory documents .
he stressed that tibet is part of chinese territory and the tibet issue is purely an internal matter for china , which allows no foreign intervention .
at the same time , it should further improve policies related to the development of tourism to promote a sustained , steady and healthy development of tourism .
in 1995 , we again attained five years ahead of time the goal of quadrupling the country 's gnp , pushing the gnp to 5.76 trillion yuan .
the motherland will not sit idly by at the practices of people playing with fire on the question of " taiwan independence " and creating a split .
it should be made very clear for all to see the consequences if he were to be thrust onto the summit of power in taiwan .
many of those big shots who support li teng-hui and chen shui-pian , like li teng-hui , are also inflicted with the " japanophile complex . "
china is after all no longer the country at the beginning of the 20th century , and the chinese people will never allow the repeat of historical tragedies .
the anti-china force in the congress republican party has vigorously advocated that taiwan should join the wto before china and has opposed the granting of pntr to china .
the new trade agreement has enabled china to open its market door to us products and service and has made china abide by the rules of the game .
" special article " by wen wei po reporting team : " ' wto entry ' is heated topic of two sessions ( part 2 ) " .
based on his practical experience , yao hui feels that the most urgent and crucial task at present is to restructure our agriculture and rural economy .
the session stressed : development is the last word . with improving economic results as the precondition , we should ensure relatively rapid economic growth .
according to the opinions and proposals expressed by the npc deputies and cppcc national committee members in their discussions , the state council revised the report .
the congress also adopted a decision on endorsing the npc standing committee 's accepting of the resignation of ho hau wah from the npc standing committee .
it should give full play to the monetary policy , increase financial support for economic development , and pay attention to the prevention and elimination of financial risks .
it should continue to intensify exchanges and cooperation with foreign congresses and international parliamentary organizations and to promote the healthy development of its external relations .
if someone tries to seek " taiwan independence " after he comes to power , the pla as well as the chinese people will surely not allow it .
xin qi , researcher of china peace and development research center , pointed out : chen shui-bian 's recent policies are aimed at confusing the taiwan people .
yesterday , taiwan 's stock market index continued to slide downward , which fully indicated taiwan compatriots ' worries over " taiwan independence " forces assuming power .
although such contradictions exist among people who share the same fundamental interests in all aspects , we must still pay serious attention to their settlement .
the enunciation in the government work report provides a guideline for us to explore ways to solve contradictions among the people in rural areas in the new period .
enhancing basic quality of rural grassroots cadres , masses [ subhead ] give theoretical , policy , and legal training to grass-roots cadres in rural areas .
the local governments should focus their assistance on improving the production conditions and help peasants in poverty-stricken areas blaze a new trail for getting rich .
the taiwan issue became a hot topic for the npc deputies and cppcc national committee members right from the start of the " two sessions " this year .
" hong kong and macao have reverted , but the mainland and taiwan have not been reunified , so china has not achieved its great reunion .
the key lies in the taiwan authorities returning to their original stance of upholding the one china principle and to the consensus reached by the two cross-strait associations .
she said that this shows that quite a number of high-tech enterprises have achieved rapid growth through taking advantage of the good environment provided by the high-tech zones .
wu jieping , chairman of the central committee of the jiusan society , believed that premier zhu rongji 's remarks are another important declaration on the taiwan issue .
wang guangying , honorary chairman of the all-china federation of industry and commerce , said : we are never vague on the stand of upholding the one-china principle .
if another country sets a certain day as " independence day " for a certain state in the united states , how will us senators feel ?
however , the mainland china gives us the feeling that it asks for " reunification " only , no matter if it is good or bad .
we understand that a considerably great number of taiwan people still have some doubts about the reunification issue and about the realization of reunification at present .
therefore , although we do not hope to drag on the taiwan problem indefinitely , we think that a certain period of time is needed to realize reunification .
implementation of a proactive fiscal policy , issuance of additional treasury bonds , and expansion of investment played an important role in promoting economic development .
national revenue for 1999 ( excluding revenue generated through debt ) totaled 1.1377 trillion yuan , an increase of 15.2 percent over the previous year .
we attracted foreign investment totaling $ 45.4 billion , including $ 40.4 billion of direct foreign investment , and that ranked china first among the developing countries .
as of the end of 1999 , 6.5 million workers laid off from state-owned enterprises were unemployed . there are other unemployed people who need to find jobs .
projects will be well selected and funds properly used . supervision , auditing , and project quality control will be tightened to prevent shoddy workmanship on projects .
however , the separatist force on taiwan island should also be soberly aware that the us ' support for taiwan is all based on us interests .
jiang zemin said princess sirindhorn is an old friend familiar to the chinese people . she has visited china many times , as though she visits relatives .
qian qichen said : " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " represents the basic principle of the chinese government for resolving the taiwan issue .
it should be commonly understood that the un 's authority must be safeguarded , and military intervention which brushes aside the un should be opposed .
should we fail to firmly grasp this link or allow the enterprises without conditions to begin operation as they please , we would probably witness serious accidents .
zhu rongji 's 15 march speech was a formal announcement to the outside world following an urgent meeting of the cpc central committee 's taiwan leadership group .
the cmc has ordered the institution of air control over the southeastern coast , and some units are immediately entering combat-readiness status to deal with a possible situation .
it was also within beijing 's expectations that the united states would make react strongly to the white paper on taiwan and zhu 's speech .
the full text of the statement follows : there is only one china in the world , and taiwan is an inalienable part of chinese territory .
iranian officials have emphasized on many occasions that the united states should adopt actual acts to prove its sincerity in wishing to improve the bilateral relations .
on 18 february this year , iran 's reformists beat the powerful conservatives with an absolute majority and won a majority of seats in the parliament .
in recent years , many us companies complained that the us government 's sanctions on iran had made them lose their shares in the iranian market .
prior to this , us president clinton approved extension of the economic sanctions on iran and prohibited us companies from making investment in the energy sector of iran .
the mother mainland always holds to the policy of " peaceful reunification , and one country , two systems " in resolving the taiwan issue .
we will listen to the new taiwan leader 's words and observe his actions . we will wait and see where he will lead cross-strait ties .
now that chen shui-bian has won the election , he should make a decision on his own attitude within the framework put forward by premier zhu rongji .
this is a kind , generous and farsighted policy decision given for the sake of the chinese nation and the interests of all chinese people .
national cppcc member zhou an dayuan stressed : in taiwan , no matter who comes to power , he must uphold the " one-china " principle .
in old china , huang hua said , the chinese people could not even secure their right to subsistence , to say nothing of other rights .
the chinese human rights development fund , which regards the development and improvement of china 's human rights as its mission , is proud of this achievement .
however , the authorities especially stressed the need to ensure the safety of taiwan tourists and businessmen on the mainland and banned protests against taiwan-funded enterprises .
if the dpp dares to show its teeth and clamor for " independence , " the chinese government can then logically use force to strike at the traitors .
this has fully exposed the hegemonist features of the united states in overriding international law with domestic law and placing itself above the international community .
in fact , it is not possible that the government of every country in the world will use identical methods of promoting and protecting human rights .
the number of loss-making soe 's and large and medium-sized state-owned and state-controlled enterprises , which stood at 6,599 in 1997 , decreased substantially last year .
now , however , the statements of the united states and other western countries on human rights are not as strong as those a few years ago .
we will listen to what the new leader in taiwan says and watch what he does and we will observe where he will lead the cross-straits relations .
the fourth committee of the national natural science foundation council has a total of 26 members , 18 of whom are scholars in two ministries .
at about two in the afternoon of march 19 , more people arrived at the kmt headquarters with placards bearing the words " down with lee teng-hui . "
people have seen clearly that during the past 12 years since he came to power , lee teng-hui has implemented an out-and-out " taiwan independence " line .
no wonder some news media have pointed out that lee teng-hui had already handed over " half of the country " to the dpp a few years before .
jiang zemin expressed belief that this conference will be of a great significance to further promoting a comprehensive cooperation between china and africa in the new century .
he held that this meeting will be of a great significance to strengthening cooperation between developing countries in dealing with the common challenges they are currently faced with .
the iron will of the chinese people , who are determined to safeguard state sovereignty and territorial integrity with their blood and life , is unshakable .
over the next five to 10 years , china will still be in a readjustment period of digesting her surplus capacity and eradicating the backward .
the administration of the board of supervisors should strengthen its contact with the state economic and trade commission , ministry of finance , and other relevant departments .
positions of full-time supervisors shall be occupied by state officials of department ( bureau ) or section level who are generally less than 55 years old .
article 22 . members of a board of supervisors must keep an inspection report confidential and must not leak out commercial secrets of a state-owned financial institution .
differences between china and the united states on the human rights issue should be settled through dialogue on the basis of equality and mutual respect .
the fundamental purpose of forming a network among relevant departments is to exchange and share information resources , plug up loopholes in management , and improve efficiency .
toward the end of last year , china and the united states reached a " win-win " agreement on china 's entry into the world trade organization .
by handling the " falungong " issue according to law , the chinese government is indeed protecting chinese citizens ' basic human rights and freedom .
sassou stressed : there is only one china in the world . congo ( brazzaville ) will continue to maintain the one china principled position .
i have openly stated that leaders on the two sides of the taiwan strait can hold talks , but the premise must be the one-china principle .
holbrooke conveyed president clinton 's regards to president jiang zemin , who , in turn , asked holbrooke to send his regards to president clinton .
holbrooke agreed that the united states and china should take a long-term and strategic view and establish a stable , mature , and cooperative bilateral relationship .
in his speech qiao zonghuai expressed the hope that the current session would treat all categories of human rights equally and attach equal importance to them .
he emphasized : human rights are not the rights of a few countries nor the rights of the rich , but the rights of all people .
lien-ho pao said in its editorial : " his chief political axis over the past 12 years has been neither democracy nor sincerity but trickery . "
chen shui-bian 's success in the elections has had a complicated effect on cross-strait ties . the cross-strait situation is filled with the atmosphere of unrest .
commentator 's article : " improve quality of creation , produce more fine works -- third thought on military literary and art work in new century " .
leaders of literary and artistic units must exert energy in organizing it well , make specific arrangements and plans for it and make it a system .
it is necessary to open to the domestic sectors before opening to the outside world , because doing so will bring benefits rather than harm .
at present , economic growth is chiefly drawn forward by financial investment , but the question is , how many carriages can the locomotive of financial investment draw ?
the chinese government has always worked for a peaceful resolution of the taiwan issue . however , peaceful reunification is predicated upon the one-china principle .
since ancient times , taiwan has been a part of china 's territory , and its social development has all along carried on the chinese culture .
the most important thing between the two sides is not when wang daohan will visit taiwan , but if a foundation of mutual trust can be built .
during and after the " presidential " elections , chen shui-bian stated in a harsh tone : " i will never be the second hong kong . "
chen shui-bian talked quite a lot about a state being a topic rather than a prerequisite or a principle . however , he wanted to negotiate with beijing .
in july 1862 , britain 's liwupulaideer [ name as transliterated ] company built two ironclad ships and planned to send them to the south .
he solemnly pointed out that as for the united states , britain 's continuous efforts to build ships for the south " meant war . "
however , more than 100 years later , the americans almost completely forget this part of history which the people of latter generations feel proud of .
minister shi , will you please tell me if foreign trade and economic cooperation also plays an important role in the great program for developing the western region ?
making great efforts to develop foreign trade and economic cooperation and promoting development with opening up are very important to stepping up the development of the western region .
third , the social and economic development of various provinces ( regions and municipality ) of the western region has its respective characteristics and unique advantages for development .
fourth , approved experimental projects for opening up can , in principle , be carried out at the same time in the eastern , central and western regions .
fifth , foreign-invested enterprises in the coastal areas are allowed to contract the management and operation of foreign-invested enterprises and domestic-invested enterprises in the central and western regions .
the third outstanding issue that requires long-term study and discussion is criticism on the contemporary international system that has been triggered by the kosovo crisis .
since its founding , our party has all along attached importance to cultural building and always represented the forward direction of china 's advanced culture .
this is a new development in a series of guiding thinking for our party-strengthening self-building , so as to push forward the building of socialist spiritual civilization .
we must adapt ourselves to the new situation and comprehensively grasp well the building of the party according to the requirements of the " three represents . "
the " three represents " fully embody the dialectic unity between completing the fundamental tasks of the party and practicing the fundamental aims of the party .
the differences between china and the united states on human rights issues should be resolved through dialogue on the basis of equality and mutual respect .
hsu hsin-liang believes that lee yuan-tseh [ li yuanche ] will very likely step forward to form the cabinet and chen shui-bian will let lee handle cross-strait relations .
qiao zhonghuai 's speech was responding to us secretary of state albright 's groundless attack on china 's human rights status at the session on that day .
the delegation of representatives of cpc workers arrived here for a week-long visit at the invitation of the international department of the wpk on 18 march .
this undoubtedly represents a golden opportunity for the development of the military industrial enterprises located in the hinterland in china 's central and western regions .
as an important foundation of economic development and comprehensive social progress , education represents the fundamental way to improve the overall quality and creativity of a nation .
vigorously enhance the construction of the pool of teachers the hope of national rejuvenation lies in education , and the hope of revitalizing education lies in teachers .
in contemporary society , the cognitive capability of children and youths not only come from classrooms and books , but are also affected by society .
ensuring a quiet , harmonious , and healthy environment of learning for children and youths is an unshirkable responsibility of cpc committees and governments at all levels .
article 22 the conservation of class one conservation zones for surface sources of domestic potable water shall be carried out in accordance with article 20 of the lpcwp .
article 40 those who are punishable by a fine according to the provisions in article 47 of the lpcwp shall be liable to a fine below 100,000 yuan .
article 41 those who are punishable by a fine according to the provisions in article 48 of the lpcwp shall be liable to a fine below 100,000 yuan .
arroyo said : the philippines also hopes to resolve our differences in south china sea through peaceful consultations , and is optimistic in this regard .
qian qichen emphatically pointed out : the election of a new taiwan regional leader and its results cannot change the fact that taiwan is a part of china .
the philippines see china as an important friend and will be holding a series of activities to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties .
the realities demonstrate once again that anyone who attempts to promote " taiwan independence " and split the motherland will certainly come to no good end .
cross-strait relations is currently in an extremely unstable period and problems may occur anytime . the consequences will be extremely serious if the relations is not properly handled .
sales of discs made from mp3 files downloaded from the internet are prohibited , and on-line wholesale of video and audio products is also banned .
chongqing will relocate , build , and transform the inundated enterprises in line with the principle of integrating the relocation and building of enterprises with their structural readjustment .
all capitals , state-owned or civilian-run , which merge enterprises in the reservoir areas are entitled to the preferential state policies originally designed for merges among state enterprises .
amid island-wide opposition and protests , lee teng-hui [ li denghui ] resigned as kuomintang [ kmt ] chairman ahead of time on 24 march .
however , the indian side indicated that it cannot make a decision on this issue until there is a consensus among all political parties and the people .
after a meeting between us and indian leaders , us secretary of state albright said that clinton was disappointed with india 's refusal to make the slightest concession .
together with some " national assembly " delegates elected from the off-shore islands , they visited the " executive yuan " and submitted a six-point statement .
according to his logic , jiang zemin and chen shui-bian are in an equal position and the two sides of the strait can start to hold talks immediately .
sixth , one of the main factors for the taiwan independence forces to run wild and for strained cross-strait relations is the us strategy of curbing china .
at the same time , some countries continue to stick to a " cold war mentality , " believing that military alliances represent important guarantees maintaining regional security .
in the days to come , economic cooperation among asian-pacific countries will be enhanced , which will benefit the prosperity and stability of the region .
according to the loan-using conditions provided by the imf , thailand once implemented the retrenchment measures , such as tightening expenses and raising interest rates and taxes .
in 1999 , the thai government also worked out a package of fiscal measures , involving $ 6.5 billion , to stimulate consumption and expand exports .
in the past few years , the philippines increased budgeted expenditures by 21.9 billion pesos , thus making its financial deficits four times the original budgetary figure .
the main task for this phase will be to expand investment and to follow a sound structural policy , so as to stimulate rapid economic growth .
russia 's rejuvenation , putin pointed out , will not be possible without the rejuvenation of russia 's rural areas and the revitalization of agriculture .
the state will earnestly help the agricultural sector and will also help millions of farmers , so that they will provide the state with high-quality products .
[ renmin ribao ] in the past , the central authorities applied quite a few preferential policies to tibet and adopted many measures supporting tibet 's development .
last year , russia 's gdp rose by 3.2 percent . this year , russia 's industrial production has displayed a stronger momentum of growth .
in his election platform , putin pledged to " fight against poverty , " rejuvenate the economy ; and " bring a better life to the people . "
under such circumstances , the dprk diplomacy , which is growing active with each passing day , has created a favorable international environment for the dprk development .
at this time , some of the foreign journalists present kept urging her to start the conference , saying that they had more important stories to cover .
zhang erping who had already obtained us nationality was forced to say that they had come to support the anti-china motion by the us government .
beijing , 27 mar ( xinhua ) -- foreign ministry spokesman sun yuxi spoke this afternoon about the election of putin as president of russia .
at the same time , patients should be allowed to purchase medicine in a hospital 's pharmacy , or purchase medicine in designated drugstores outside the hospital .
accompanying vice premier li lanqing were the following departmental leaders : duojicairan , zhang tianbao , wang longde , liu jin , and li jiange .
2 . the kosovo war demonstrated that the united states ' manpower was insufficient to fight two large-scale theater wars that took place almost at the same time .
in order to win the support of the public and the media , the level of concern that the war planners of nato showed about casualties was unprecedented .
therefore , counter-air-raid operations must not confine themselves to striking only those planes that have come near or cruise missiles that have come right before one 's eyes .
it can be said that whether to grant china the mfn treatment is a " trump card " of the united states for checking china .
this year happens to be an election year in the united states -- a new president , all congressmen , and one-third of senators will be elected .
the corporation has a complete nuclear industrial system and is composed of 246 industrial enterprises , corporate scientific research and design institutes , institutions , and units .
polyester film and kapton plated with aluminum , either on one side or two , make one of the thermal-control coatings for the thermal-control system of the spacecraft .
therefore , through three years of concentrated study and experiment , the optical technology section under a certain aerospace institute eventually succeeded in manufacturing thermal-control coatings .
to put a flight unit into space , the use of the relevant ionic propeller is inseparable from the assistance of a microthrust test system .
he has taken a clear-cut stand and has acted decisively on the chechen issue , and he has resolutely struggled against terrorism and ethnic splittist forces .
the most important thing is that russians like " a man of action " and dislike those persistently " glib-tongued " people in the political arena .
for example , the united states has seen serious human rights violations at home , and until now , the situation has continually worsened rather than improved .
and gradually , an idea formed . it made itself clearer and clearer . this is " a concrete analysis of a concrete problem . "
they raised the slogan " all men are born equal " to demand the creation of a new order . doubtless this was a progressive movement .
why has every kind of difficult obstacle been placed in the path of china 's accession to gatt and the wto for more than ten long years ?
you have only to look at the people they support , and you 'll understand the emptiness of their shouts of " human rights " .
and today , the human rights situation in china has improved considerably . take a stroll around among the common people . are they talking ?
amid the strains of melodious tibetan music , representatives of the people were casting their votes for leading members of the town government and people 's congress .
initial results have also been achieved in building a highway network extending in all directions . the total length of highways within the region has exceeded 20,000 kilometers .
the party central committee are deeply concerned about tibet 's construction and development , while all localities throughout the country have given selfless assistance to this autonomous region .
since the 1950 's , financial subsidies given to tibet and investments made there by the central authorities have totaled more than 40 billion yuan .
we should actively create necessary conditions , step up a socialized management over social securities , and provide a better system guarantee for social stability .
once a man 's mind is poisoned by fallacies and heresies , he will do things so incredible that ordinary people find it hard to believe .
after entering the middle school in september 1998 , she became more and more obsessed with " falungong " and her school results dropped drastically .
china began to reprint the " bible " in 1980 , and by late last year more than 23 million copies had been distributed throughout the country .
there are deficiencies , however , in the development of christianity in china , such as a lack of capital for building new churches and insufficient theological training .
the elders society pledged to continue exchanges between us and chinese christian associations and develop friendly relations with their christian sisters and brothers in china .
economists pointed : thanks to the rapid development of high and new technology industries , the american economy has grown in a sustained way for many years .
their initiative and creativity should be displayed well , guided well , and protected well by exercising open administration over village affairs and other measures .
he expressed appreciation for italy 's stand of holding dialogue and not practicing confrontation and hoped it will continue to play a positive role in this respect .
the opinion poll published by taiwan 's " china times " on 15 march showed that only 9 percent of people in taiwan support taiwan independence .
eu officials held , however , that differences between china and the eu at the moment centered on the two major fields of telecommunications and financial service industries .
under the name-registration system , it is difficult to calculate and supervise increases in personal savings , and this gives some people an opportunity to capitalize .
he said , in order not to worsen the incident , the muslims had asked the newspaper to give them an answer by this friday .
they should abide by the requirement that police affairs must be open , and self-consciously accept the masses ' supervision by publicizing various operational systems and work procedures .
while studying comrade deng xiaoping 's ideas about developing tourism , we should give better play to the role of tourism in the building of socialist spiritual civilization .
this is the hard-earned result of the unified ideology , unified action , and joint efforts of all the party 's comrades and all levels of the nation .
whoever pursues " taiwan independence " will not come to a good end -- lee teng-hui is just a living teaching material by way of negative example .
the preparatory work for the project of transporting gas from western to eastern china was started recently . its first-phase construction investment amounted to 120 billion yuan .
it has been learned : in 2000 , various financial organizations in xinjiang expect to provide nearly 10 billion yuan of funds to support local construction projects .
as a big developing country , china must assign importance to basic scientific research and continuously enhance its ability to make innovations on its own .
second , we should adjust the existing course distribution and organizational structure and encourage the scientific research departments to open themselves to one another as far as possible .
making intensified efforts to foster and select outstanding personnel should be one of the basic tasks of our basic research for some time to come .
on the question of fostering and selecting outstanding middle-aged and young academic leaders , we must have a sense of urgency and greatly emancipate our mind .
according to the situation of the followers ' mass graves discovered by the police afterwards , all of these followers were murdered or beaten to death .
recently , some countries afflicted by cults have adopted resolute measures one after another to crack down on cults in order to ensure social stability .
china and russia should jointly take measures , strengthen international cooperation , and crack down together on intercontinental national splitism , religious extremism , and international terrorism .
russia supports china 's policy and stand on the taiwan issue , a principle which russia did not , has not , and will not change .
the especially frightening thing to the modern civilized world is that the state parliament in mississippi approved a resolution to ban slavery as late as february 1995 .
the fundamental cause of those killing cases is a result of not banning people from owing private guns according to the us constitution and laws .
the united states relies on its strong military power to engage in unjust military ventures everywhere and infringe upon sovereignty and human rights of other countries .
the adjustment and optimization of the economic structure is the fundamental measure for precipitating economic development and heightening the quality and effectiveness of economic growth .
it stresses particularly the urgency and necessity of comprehensively implementing the party 's education policy and of grasping well the ideological education of young people .
consequently , strengthening and improving young people 's ideological education is an important measure for comprehensively conducting quality education and improving education quality in an all-round way .
some even had been deeply poisoned . even today , a few ignorant and stubborn persons have complained loudly about the alleged injustice toward " falun gong . "
in this regard , by reading several crooked poems of li hongzhi , we can see that his unchecked desire for power has appeared obviously .
his sigh makes the people in the world see li hongzhi 's political ambition of hoping to pool both religious power and monarchical power to himself .
moreover , china has already explored and utilized as many as 133 minerals and the proved reserves of over 20 minerals are among the tops in the world .
the defense ministers maintain that the international situation is experiencing a profound change , and that the development trend of multipolarity has become increasingly evident .
the defense ministers reiterate support to the resolution on " safeguarding and abiding by the anti-ballistic missile treaty " endorsed by the un general assembly in 1999 .
in answering a question on the middle east peace process , sun yuxi said : the palestine issue is the core of the middle east issue .
china resolutely opposes any countries which have diplomatic relations with china establishing official relations with taiwan or engaging in exchanges of any kind of official nature with taiwan .
our refusal to give up the use of force is not directed against taiwan people but is directed against foreign forces and taiwan independence forces .
then , the improved situation in the western region will create more development opportunities for the enterprises in the eastern region and benefit the workers of relevant industries .
china has attached great importance to developing good-neighborly and mutually beneficial cooperative relations with tajikstan , and hoped that relations between the two armies will be further developed .
we have the advantages of comparatively low wages and high-quality labor force . accession to the wto will greatly expand our market and tap our potential .
[ chen ] regarding requirements for our agricultural products , the problem of quantity has already lessened . but a problem with the quality of foods is arising .
ancient people knew that logging and slash and burn land clearing were not good . but people had to feed themselves , so they had to do this .
i am particularly pleased to recall your excellency 's successful visit to china last year , which enabled bilateral relations to further improve and expand .
at present , the cross-strait relations and the china-us relations are both in the middle of an extremely sensitive period of crucial importance , liu xiaoming noted .
article 3 . the financial institutions mentioned in the provisions refer to institutions doing individual saving business in line with the law inside chinese territory .
to gear up china for its wto entry , beijing must display greater enthusiasm by further opening up to the outside world and improving its investment environment .
gooch was reluctant to say what progress had been made . he just said that the eu was not disappointed by the failure to reach an agreement .
he stressed : the principle china adheres to is that the agreement it reaches with the eu should not be superior to the sino-us agreement .
india and pakistan are both large countries in south asia . clinton visited india for five days , but stayed in pakistan for only several hours .
however , clinton 's visit still achieved the result of establishing a " new-type partnership " between the united states and india and maintaining relations with pakistan .
the economic development and social stability of these areas is vital to the overall situation of china 's unification , national unity and the modernization drive .
however , due to historical and natural environmental reasons , a considerable big gap still exists at present between the border areas and the eastern areas .
narayanan reiterated that india all along has supported china 's principled stand on the issues of taiwan , human rights , and its wto accession .
" we will then have the authority to act on our own ; it could be at any time and without any notice or warning .
therefore , the reunification work relating to taiwan has become an urgent task on the important agendas of the party , government , and military .
now the ball in on the side of chen shui-bian . he must think clearly the question of adopting which attitude to deal with the mainland .
under the leadership of the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core , a favorable tendency has appeared in our ideological and political work .
he believes that only by fully understand the characteristics of the water resources in the western region , can we rationally develop them and effectively use them .
the ministry of agriculture has decided to select one or two counties in every province and district in the western region to serve as agricultural ecological demonstration counties .
of course , those various circumstances are not accidental ; rather , they are significant revisions to us policy toward south asia at the turn of the century .
there are " patriot " missiles in the arsenals of germany , israel , japan , kuwait , the netherlands , saudi arabia and china 's taiwan .
the deployment of the " arrow " missiles jointly developed by the united states and israel has already begun . their maximum intercepting altitude is 40 km .
israeli prime minister barak said on that day the deployment of the " arrow " missile defense system would greatly strengthen israel 's defense capability .
with the deployment of the " arrow ii " ballistic missile defense system , israel has actually become the first country to deploy the tmd .
if the united states agrees to defray the $ 50-70 million spending , the israeli ministry of national defense will undertake most of the work for the project .
it is because the " arrow ii , " though effective in intercepting " skud " -b missiles , is incapable of dealing with more advanced missiles .
he noted : the theoretical work is a basic project which consolidates the fundamentals and molds the spiritual pillar of the cause of our party .
so long as our leaders at all levels can achieve the same , the modernization building of our army can surely turn out to be a success .
pan --- bj university & bj medical university recently merge . jiang zemin sends greetings . li lanqing attends , addresses merging ceremony. cites their excerpted remarks .
zhu lilan also said that despite varying opinions , it is only a question of time that cars will become a part of china 's households .
zhang wannian expressed his satisfaction with the current development of military relations between china and italy and his hope that the relations would further develop .
the project is one of eight major scientific projects launched by the state in the ninth five-year plan period and involves some 118 million yuan in total investment .
reconnaissance planes of the " blue army " used many hi-tech reconnaissance facilities to conduct aerial inspection but could not find the camouflaged real targets .
under his high pressure , those who hold different ideals have left one after another and those who remain in the party have kept quiet out of fear .
[ xishi ] at present , the vatican is energetically seeking to establish diplomatic ties with china . what are the prospects for the development of china-vatican ties ?
at the beginning of this year , vice premier wu bangguo visited eu headquarters and held friendly talks with president romano prodi and other eu leaders .
it is in the fundamental interests of both peoples to develop this relationship between china and israel , and conducive to regional peace and development as well .
he said that both china and chile are developing countries . there are no fundamental conflicts of interest between the two , yet both have much in common .
when answering a reporter 's question on the reform of the un security council [ unsc ] , he indicated : china 's stand is clear-cut and consistent .
really , during the cold war era when there was a confrontation between the two poles , a pattern of blocs emerged in the international politics .
during exchange , we should try to find views opposite to ours . views opposite to ours will supplement what we lack in our understanding .
opposing views , even if they are wrong , may reflect a certain aspect of things . they may perhaps contain deductions from historical experience .
they are the basic skills to be possessed by leading cadres . they are also important manifestations that their policy decisions are made scientifically and democratically .
he added : " without comparison , it would be impossible to realize to which extent things have developed and to understand their crucial points and essence . "
li wenming 's behavior of valuing his own interests above everything else and refusing to accept the job exchange arrangement has yielded a bad influence among the cadres .
judging from the long process of history , the crux of determining the rise and decline of a country and nation is the level of productive forces .
in the contemporary world , the scientific and technological level has become an important hallmark of the social and economic development level of a country or region .
comrade jiang zemin also pointed out that all the production modes and organizational forms that reflect the law governing socialized large-scale production can be boldly used .
to properly act as the representative of the fundamental interests of the greatest majority of the people , we must resolutely fight against all kinds of corrupt conducts .
the new-style " striking at three things " means countering enemy destruction by active offensive means , to ensure the stability of our information system .
stealth planes , cruise missiles. and armed helicopters are all subsonic , and cruise missiles also have a weak point in being unable to take evasive action themselves .
the impacts on computerized war simulation brought about by the technological revolution can also be reflected by the impact it exerts on mathematical models and operational parameters .
however , the phenomenon of laying stress on construction to the neglect of use and management and failing to genuinely apply them to work is rather widespread .
during the inspection , it is necessary to make full use of the successful results of the " three stresses " education and draw on its experience .
the pertinent departments and the local governments will follow the law to severely punish those who willfully cause trouble , especially organizations and people who provoke mass disturbances .
hao zhaocheng said : with the trend of global economic integration becoming more and more evident , china is facing more and more international taxation problems .
a cpc delegation led by zeng qinghong arrived in japan on 4 april for a good-will visit at the invitation of the japanese government and liberal democratic party .
we wish to see an overall response [ zheng ti de hui ying 2419 7555 4104 0932 2019 ] to this issue , not responses to individual issues .
the development of township and town enterprises in china 's rural areas has played a great , direct promoting role in the national economic growth .
during the period 1984-1985 , the retail sales of consumer goods in the rural areas accounted for around 53 percent of the nation 's total .
many people believe that the prices of chinese agricultural products have already been higher than international market prices , and it indeed seems to be so .
our present total grain output is 500 million metric tons . if we consider importing 5 percent , the import will be 25 million metric tons .
china 's constitution and laws fully safeguard all fundamental rights of its citizens , including freedom of speech , assembly , association , and religious belief .
this fully shows that they are not at all concerned about human rights in china , but have an ulterior motive and a not-to-be-divulged objective .
as chen shui-bian will be sworn in on 20 may , he has no power in hand now . beijing is still judging him by his deeds .
chen shui-bian should value his time and recognize the " one-china " principle as early as possible and extricate himself from a passive situation as early as possible .
do we have to allow " falungong " to continue to kill and maim more chinese people in order to meet their so-called human rights standards ?
thus , the elimination of cults is not only a pressing task in the endangered countries but is the common responsibility of the international community .
sources concerned here believe that the establishment of the on-line propaganda administration will help to promote and regulate on-line services which have recently been flourishing in china .
2 . no way out for " taiwan independence " of any form realizing the motherland 's reunification is a great long-term cause of the chinese nation .
over the past 50 years , the chinese government has made enormous efforts to actively promote development of cross-strait relations and the realization of national reunification .
the motherland 's reunification , prosperity , and power is always the chinese people 's common wish and also concerns the welfare of the chinese descendants .
we have always worked hard for peaceful reunification with the greatest sincerity , but meanwhile , we absolutely cannot promise to renounce the use of force .
[ unidentified spokesperson ] china is very concerned about the developments in iraq and deeply disturbed over the serious civilian causalities resulted from the us-british bombing of iraq .
the chinese side has always maintained and declared on many occasions that the sovereignty , territorial integrity , and independence of iraq should be fully respected .
a major method to prevent accidents is to intensify safety control and examination , with the key on strict enforcement of laws , regulations , and systems .
daley has paid four visits to china since he became us commerce secretary three years ago . next week 's visit will be his fifth to beijing .
the leading cadres from the general staff department and the military region selected seven officers from among division and brigade chiefs of staff for the test .
when he was arrested last february after the drug trafficking gang was smashed , liu zhibing had already been placed under surveillance and was unable to help him .
he maintained : the agreement reached by china and the united states on china 's accession to the world trade organization is a " win-win " agreement .
in the past near 20 years , with the joint efforts of the compatriots on both sides of the straits , cross-strait economic relations continued to develop .
on the other hand , however , fees collected from township enterprises by the state departments concerned and by various levels of local government are equally astonishing .
this being the case , it is necessary to strengthen the sense of the overall situation and consciously support and help the western region become well-off .
he expressed belief that the work of checking unhealthy tendencies in business activities can surely attain new and greater headway at the present new historical starting point .
this year , unlike the previous years , people in xian are bathed in the spring breeze blowing from the grand development of the western region .
in 1997 , these provinces and cities jointly held a fair of east-west cooperation and investment and trade with shaanxi and other northwestern provinces and autonomous regions .
facing this opportunity , the people of the western region should foster such a concept as " developing market operations under the guidance of the state policies . "
her words and deeds are to split up the motherland in an entirely undisguised manner , have challenged the one-china principle , and have further deteriorated cross-strait relations .
if taiwan wants to have a good future and wants to have splendid prospects , it must seek reunification , seek peace , and seek talks .
jiang ying stresses that : since china 's patent system was conceived and born , it has always been oriented toward the whole world in an open stance .
in history , foreign enemies invaded taiwan but their rule was just of short duration and taiwan had never been separated from the embrace of the motherland .
" should you report what annette lu has said , or should you watch to see if she is trying to use hong kong 's media ?
she said : during his visit to israel , president jiang will personally experience the same feelings the israeli people have toward their chinese counterpart .
he maintained : cooperation between israel and china in this aspect serves as a good start for cooperation between the two countries in many other fields .
" i am all the more willing to help the relatively backward provinces because the prosperous provinces have been able to take care of themselves . "
dc --- article by staff reporter sun dongmin and guan kejiang : " understanding , trust and cooperation -- interview with tanino , japanese ambassador to china " .
implement mergers and bankruptcy to make enterprises without competitive edges retreat from the market the state should refrain from indiscriminately " save " debt-ridden enterprises .
from now on , the textile business must hasten its structural adjustment . it must reduce the total production of silk and wool , which is lagging .
annette lu was one of the first " taiwan independence " elements to clamor for " one china , one taiwan " at the united nations .
in is " practical containment " nuclear strategy , russia has gained a fresh understanding and given a new position to nuclear weapons and their role .
the incoming leader of the taiwan region has recently made some remarks indicating that he would like to start dialogues across the strait and improve cross-strait relations .
3 ) after china 's accession to the wto , the cadb will have to face the problem of losing qualified personnel in vast multitudes .
for instance , how have the party 's guidelines and policies and the county ( city ) work arrangements actually been implemented in the grass roots ?
zhu rongji expressed his confidence in the satisfactory and successful result of this meeting and in the promotion of further development in the relationship between the two countries .
any person who seeks " taiwan independence " will only alienate himself from the chinese nation and state and will finally lose all standing and reputation .
false reports , exaggeration , and formalism seriously existed in some localities for a period of time and had a bad influence on the people .
the article says : as far as the us economy is concerned , the chinese mainland is " by far more important " than taiwan .
in fact , beginning from 1989 , prisons in china began posing the idea of introducing the psychological method into the process of transforming criminals .
it is precisely because china pursues no private end in the middle east that its moral support for the region has been warmly received by middle east countries .
the angle is quickly set by the chief gunner , the automated tracker started , and the automated loading system selects the type of ammunition and loads it .
technological advance has mandatorily started a fundamental transformation in the pattern of operations , especially the means , forms , and methods of operational command means .
for this reason , development of command automation and c3i and c4i systems has become the most important project helping the military of various countries achieve informatization .
what we should be cautious about is that in our ordinary technology transfer and equipment imports , the technology may be hidden to cause future defeat .
network has opened up a new living space for human being and , at the same time , brought the human competitive activities into a new domain .
we have the conditions to build our own information network our information war expert shen weiguang predicted that world war iii will be a comprehensive information war .
judging from the current actual circumstances , it is a comparatively feasible measure to adopt the tactics of " one country , two networks . "
only when there is international trade , which must be genuine trading activities , can we make payments with the purchase of foreign currencies with vouchers .
to protect the state 's forests and the environment , we implemented urgent quarantine measures toward the wood package of goods imported from the us and japan .
naturally , the core objective of the wto is to promote global trade liberalization and effectively remove barriers of all sorts impeding the trade liberalization process .
the number-one leader of an enterprise are not allowed to make individual decisions or appoint people by favoritism , still less violate the law and discipline .
in fact , annette lu 's position on cross-strait relations was not only her personal idea , but represented the position of the democratic progressive party .
as the white paper " the one-china principle and the taiwan issue " pointed out , we can only pin hopes on the people in taiwan .
therefore , china 's foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao noted that the us investigation results on the " bombing incident " could not convince the people .
the door to cross-strait talks has not been shut . however , the prerequisite for such talks is that the one-china principle must be recognized .
for panama with a population of 3 million to develop ties with china with a population of 1.2 billion is a guideline universally recognized by the panamanian people .
at the end of last year , president jiang zemin and chairman li peng respectively visited morocco , algeria , saudi arabia , israel , palestine and oman .
china and south africa will constantly push forward their friendly and cooperative relations and bring benefit to the people of the two countries through their specific cooperative achievements .
in his view , taiwan 's new leader should not merely strike a posture but should take action in order to win people 's confidence .
it has been more than half a century since the south and the north sides on the korean peninsula were in a state of constant tense confrontation .
for the final realization of independence and peaceful reunification , both sides , however , have never given up efforts to improve relations and realize reconciliation .
the lesson of the asian financial crisis teaches us that strengthening the control over bonds issued overseas is an effective way to ward off financial crises .
four , commercial bills issued by institutions within chinese territories and debt instruments issued by their overseas branches and subsidiaries will be differentiated and put under standardized management .
an analyst has noted that the holding of a summit meeting between south korea and the dprk is a " win-win " decision beneficial to both .
according to the agreement reached between south korea and the dprk , the two sides are to hold preparatory talks for the already agreed-to summit meeting .
although the south and the north have already reached an agreement on holding a summit meeting , the implementation of the agreement will take some time .
taking preparation for military battles as the traction also means more efforts should be made to solve problems of critical importance and of special difficulty .
we must speed up cultivating young and middle-aged minority cadres who are armed with marxism and can adhere to correct perspectives on ethnicity and religion .
annette lu [ lu xiulian ] kept on saying that taiwan and the mainland motherland are " distant relatives " and " close neighbors " .
however , these foreign aggressive forces eventually ended up with failure under the firm struggle of all the chinese people , including the people of taiwan .
shi lang 's eastward expedition smashed the chengs ' dream of stubborn resistance by relying on the taiwan strait and spelled the complete failure of the separatist forces .
national reunification and ethnic unity are the basis and conditions on which the chinese nation can excel again and rank among the world 's most advanced .
the latter is never meant to be directed against the taiwan people , but is directed against " pro-taiwan independence " elements and foreign forces of intervention .
analyzing from the angle of military strategy , the taiwan area , which is made up of islands , should be easy to hold but hard to attack .
he said the chinese government and people express heartfelt admiration for cuba , which has scored great achievements in various fields through its own arduous efforts .
there is only one china in the world , and taiwan is part of china , and china 's territory and sovereignty brook no division .
he said : israel and china have many similarities , which should be used in a better way by learning from each other in many ways .
having gone through the long years , people have come to understand more than ever before how important this doctrine is and how precious peace can be .
facts have proven and will continue to prove that political multipolarity serves world peace and development and conforms to the aspiration of all the peoples .
nevertheless , that tv station did not act in this way and only let annette lu alone engage in wild talk , creating a very bad influence .
even though they still haven 't reached the last judgement day , from their past words and actions i 'm afraid that change will also be difficult .
according to us media reports , cohen 's visit had " a direct link with some arms transactions involving $ 8 billion worth of warplanes and missiles . "
while briefing the session in his speech , he said : china pursues a policy of treating all ethnic minorities as equals and accords minorities with special protection .
speaker burg welcomed president jiang for paying a state visit to israel , and said it was his honor to greet president jiang at the knesset .
before visiting the israel knesset , president jiang zemin visited holocaust memorial and paid respects to the tomb of late israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin .
president jiang bent down in silent tribute for a minute in front of the wreath to express the chinese people 's deep mourning over the jewish victims .
various facts have time and again exposed the essence of the double standard and hegemonism that the united states promotes with regard to human rights issues .
at the end of the 80s , the " branch davidians , " a violent cult announcing the end of the world , appeared in the united states .
-- wei lianhe , central party school graduate student protecting the life of each person and personal security is the most basic requirement of human rights .
however , what is startling is that the united states today leads the industrialized nations of the west when it comes to the problem of poverty .
to date , the us constitution still has no provisions regarding the principles of ethnic equality , gender equality , and civil and political equality .
the spokesman stressed : the chinese government 's basic principle guiding the settlement of the taiwan issue is " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems . "
this is critical to the party 's and the country 's survival ; it is necessary if we are to establish a socialism with chinese characteristics .
when dr. moustapha saphariny , palestine ambassador to china , met this reporter , he said : " this interview should have been done long time ago . "
in 1998 , after the palestinian national committee announced palestine 's independence in algiers , china was one of the first countries that recognized palestine .
china and palestine have maintained close high-level contacts in the past several decades and this has played a positive and propelling role in developing bilateral friendship and cooperation .
' arafat gave his congratulations on the return of hong kong and macao to china . meanwhile , he reiterated that palestine would firmly pursue a one-china policy .
he said : i told your excellency mr. president in beijing last year that the just cause of the palestinian people can surely become a reality .
following the ceremony , the state leaders of the two countries met with both the chinese and foreign media on the scene , and answered their questions .
taiwan 's future lies with the mainland as well as in reunification . unless it is united with the motherland , taiwan will not have a stable status .
all patriotic taiwan compatriots must have a clear understanding of her sinister intentions . they must guard against and oppose any separatist activities in any form .
her political career and her practices strongly suggest that she does not have a minimum of national consciousness of and national feeling for the chinese people .
qurei said : this is the first visit by a chinese president to the land of palestine , which makes us very warm and honored .
all know what the united states and britain are up to . there are ulterior motives behind the " shock " and " concern . "
at that time we adopted a discriminating taxation policy , which created the important conditions for achieving the socialist transformation of the ownership of the means of production .
we must severely punish according to law and discipline those who cause serious consequences by indiscriminate hiring and recruitment in violation of relevant party and state policy regulations .
we can also select from their number some young people with good political quality and relatively high cultural standard to augment the rural grassroots organizations and schools .
hence , it is absolutely necessary that the state concentrate as much more finance as possible , and we should have a sense of urgency in this regard .
the fiscal and tax laws and regulations are important rules and systems for standardizing economic order and regulating income distribution , and exercising economic supervision .
we must pay attention to preventing the inappropriate methods arbitrarily adopted by certain localities in tax collection from affecting development of the enterprises and the economy .
the invasion of the us-led nato against the federal republic of yugoslavia [ fry ] a year ago was a concrete implementation of this policy .
the international community attaches great importance to safeguarding human rights and many international organizations including the united nations have drafted many international human rights conventions .
the western european countries have jointly formulated human rights legislation and the european court of human rights can impose sanctions against member states which have violated human rights .
in the aspect of concepts of value , the histories and cultures of all nations have all affirmed and appraised people 's life and dignity .
only through continuously learning scientific and cultural knowledge of all subjects can we set up the right ideal and conviction by means of comparison and verification .
prime minister obeid expressed warm welcome to president jiang zemin for making a special trip to alexandria to meet president mubarak while he is visiting israel .
jiang zemin said his current visits to israel and palestine come at a time when major changes are taking place in the situation in the middle east region .
any individuals , groups , and organizations have the obligation to observe the laws of countries concerned when engaging in activities enhancing and protecting human rights .
however , to people 's regret , some western countries , in particular the united states , have double standards on the issue of human rights .
why can so many achievements be made in the pudong project ? what positive lessons can be learned from the project of developing and opening up pudong ?
the present status of the western regions results from the combined effects of natural factors and historic factors , among which , the natural ones cannot be neglected .
the snowline of qilianshan mountain has been continuously retreating by 1 meter a year on average , and with the nearby farm land desertified on a large scale .
protesters gathered in front of the meeting site before dawn to complain against economic globalization for bringing disasters to both poor countries and the environment .
3 . importance must be attached to the distribution of interests in economic globalization , and poor countries and poor people must be better looked after .
judged from the utilization of foreign capital in the last three months , there has been a momentum of improvement in china 's foreign capital utilization .
they have also conducted many beneficial experiments in such areas as supervision and the work of deputies and created a wealth of good experience and practices .
on the afternoon of 17 april , li peng visited the site of xiaolangdi water-control project on huang he , 40 kilometers north of luoyang city .
the economic operation in the future may have slight fluctuations between different quarters but the speed of annual economic growth may be slightly higher than the last year .
although the united states exerted tremendous pressure on member states of the human rights commission , no country jointly signed the motion and the anti-china farce was unpopular .
this is the ninth time the united states has failed at geneva in attempts to use the human rights issue to interfere in china 's internal affairs .
this is the ninth anti-china resolution proposed by the united states and some other countries at the commission , and the ninth failure suffered by these countries .
china has consistently respected the universal principle on human rights and actively devoted itself to promoting and protecting the people 's human rights and basic freedom .
the chinese government has all along pursued the policy of dialogue and cooperation on the human rights sphere and opposed carrying out confrontation by means of human rights .
the united states ' repeated failures in carrying out confrontations with china at human rights conferences fully suggest that there is no way out for confrontation .
the us attempt to use the human rights issue to interfere in china 's internal affairs at the un commission on human rights was ignominiously defeated again .
this was the ninth time the united states proposed a similar resolution at the human rights commission session and also the ninth time it failed since 1990 .
the diehard , stubborn , wild , and arrogant features of a " taiwan independence " element have been exposed to the world without any disguise .
when they are under a situation whereby they can no longer truly dispute facts and logic , they will simply act as hooligans and rogues .
nearly 50 people took part in this seminar , which was organized by the fujian yanhuang cultural research association and the fujian taiwan compatriots association .
according to annette lu , opposition to reunification is the mainstream public opinion in taiwan because more than 90 percent of the taiwan people hold such a view .
the rumors they have spread against their conscience at the us congress foreign relations committee hearing have created public opinion for a us anti-china bill .
the current 14th dalai lama , who is now in exile , was anointed with the approval by the then-president of the chinese national government .
facts speak louder than words and justice will always prevail . it is unpopular and will lead to nowhere to create confrontation by exploiting human rights issues .
since the end of the cold war , the united states has plotted anti-china proposals at nine us human rights meetings , and all of them have failed .
given the highly complex nature of the human rights issue , different countries should be allowed to have different emphases during different periods and different developmental stages .
however , if the united states should continually provoke controversies in an invariably confrontational way instead of seeking dialogue , china can only take it on .
us cults are regarded as cult issues . but the same issues , when applied to china , have become " human rights " issues .
since the second half of 1999 , " falungong " elements have begun their lobbying campaigns by spreading rumors and engaging in defamation and slander .
jiang zemin said , there are nearly 200 countries and regions , over 2,500 nationalities , and a great variety of religions in the world .
i the occurrence of the corruption cases of people like cheng kejie and hu changqing is not accidental , since there is a profound social background .
through deepening the reforms , we should remove in system , mechanism , and management system the soil for the germination and spread of corruption .
now , his excellency the president has also hosted a magnificent welcoming banquet for us , as well as delivering a speech brimming with warmth .
presently , the international situation is going through deep changes . the overall trend is toward detente but the world is still not at peace .
the peoples of our two countries have one after another set off on campaigns of national liberation that shocked the world , and have achieved respective glorious victories .
judging from this angle , president jiang zemin 's first visit to turkey as a head of state is undoubtedly significant to promoting good-neighborly relations with turkey .
the chinese government hopes that the us side will effectively abide by the three sino-us joint communiques and related promises in order to avoid damage to sino-us relations .
admiral barrie said that he is glad on frequent mutual visits , cooperation and exchanges between the military of the two countries over the past two years .
against this background , the united states was anxious to find out the actual situation in the central asian countries ' endeavor to move again close to russia .
in view of the current anti-corruption struggle , the central authorities have put forward some new ideas , including strictly managing and supervising leading cadres .
corruption is the problem generally existed in the current international community . there are corruption problems in developing countries as well as in developed countries .
china upholds the basic policy of " peaceful reunification " and " one china , two systems , " but absolutely will not promise not to use force .
answering a question on why so many people practice falungong in china , liu jing took the opportunity to clarify the lies spread by li hongzhi .
on the contrary , industries which are highly monopolistic and are under more administrative protection are just the sectors that can hardly bear the pressure of external competition .
we want to work together with the greeks to open up new areas of cooperation and see that trade between china and greece achieves greater development .
after the meeting concluded , president jiang and president stephanopoulos held a joint press conference for chinese and foreign reporters , and answered their questions .
regular contacts have been maintained between the top leaders of the two countries , and both sides share identical or similar views on many major international issues .
this kind of talk both violates legal principles , and goes against the situation of taiwan organizations consistently obtaining visas and operating in hong kong .
entering a period of mistrust in political relations with the mainland in this election , the dpp used a " lite " policy of taiwanese independence .
only by doing so will the masses actually be able to conduct supervision and will the phenomena of abusing power for personal gains be effectively prevented .
this is not the situation in china at all and all international agreements recognize that taiwan is china 's territory and there is only one china .
china has never avoided its responsibilities and obligations on the issue of nuclear disarmament , and has been consistently advocating comprehensive prohibition and thorough destruction of nuclear weapons .
the discussion group held that for a long time now , the chinese government and people have always struggled to fully enjoy and realize human rights .
they extensively and comprehensively exchanged views on sino-south african ties , african situations , and other major international issues . they reached many common understandings in this regard .
both sides share a common goal of safeguarding the legitimate interests of developing countries and pushing for the building up of a just and reasonable new international order .
taiwan compatriots are an inseparable member of the big family of the motherland , and the compatriots on the two sides are originally of the same family .
in accordance with the guideline adopted during the talks between president jiang zemin and president mbeki today , gauteng province will continue to pursue friendly cooperation with china .
despite my short stay in south africa , jiang zemin said , i have personally witnessed the enormous achievements attained by the south african people in recent years .
he came to the attention of russia 's security intelligence departments in 1993 when he entered russia " on business " for the first time .
after retiring from military service , pope found a job at a research center for the design and development of naval equipment at the university of pennsylvania .
it is said that the company " has commercial links with research institutions in russia , " and pope often went to russia on business .
the media have noticed that this latest arrest of a us spy by russian security intelligence departments has produced a relatively mild response in the united states .
" in the early morning of 5 february about 1,200 falungong practitioners , including myself , were taken to the dongcheng detention center in the beijing outskirts .
according to reports , after the hearings concluded that day , the committee chairman condescended to be photographed with tracy zhao and the other " falungong " members .
on 23 january 1990 she resigned ad requested to go to the united states , where she settled that year . she became a us citizen in 1996 .
zhao yanhong said herself that she made contact with " falungong " in 1997 , and started to " practice " " falungong " in march 1999 .
her relatives only knew that she had spent the spring festival of the year of the dragon in beijing when she was deported 10 days later .
there , zhao yanhong claimed to be from beijing , with her family living at no . 12 liulishi , anding gate , dongcheng district .
the two-day-long symposium was conducted in the form of proposal-forwarding sessions and group discussions . several dozens of theses were issued during the course of the meeting .
president jiang zemin and members of his entourage warmly applauded the students of the local chinese high school when they sang the chinese song , " jasmine . "
the sun star diamond cutting center is a relatively large center in johannesburg that produces diamonds , diamond jewelry , and handicrafts of special designs .
therefore , the chinese government has proposed to hold the " forum on china-africa cooperation -- beijing ministerial meeting in the year 2000 " in october this year .
today , you have made good your promise by paying a visit to south africa , and to cape town ; and we feel overjoyed and deeply honored .
however , what makes people indignant is that the us state department time and again has stretched its hands to hong kong over this issue .
reporter : although the cross-strait situation is sensitive at the moment , it seems that not many people on the island believe war will break out .
this meeting invited people from the island to come , to tell them , you are politicians , we can deal with various different forces .
shenzhen , 27 april ( xinhua ) -- a symposium on " opposing taiwan independence , safeguarding peace and accelerating reunification " closed here today .
dialogue and talks on an equal footing on the basis of the one-china principle is the only road to the realization of cross-strait peaceful reunification .
only thus can they improve and ease cross-strait tension and ensure peace above the taiwan strait . 3 . cross-strait relations are at an important juncture .
have faith in the series of principles and policies adopted by the mother mainland on peaceful reunification . these principles and policies are sincere and completely accomplishable .
the indiscriminate bombing of fry oil refineries , chemical plants , pharmaceutical plants and so on has caused pollution and " toxic clouds " over large areas .
such an idea is no more than a pretext for us in violating international law and arrogantly persisting in our controlling and power status . "
zhu rongji fully affirmed the good jobs that these grass-roots organizations are doing in social security work and the role they are playing in maintaining social stability .
the arats 's expression of view was : " both sides of the taiwan strait uphold the one china principle and strive to seek national reunification .
we hope that those people advocating " taiwan independence " will face the facts quite soon and stop their challenge to china 's territorial and sovereign integrity .
next week in india , at the twelfth meeting of the china-india joint working group , the two sides will exchange views on issues such as the border .
the chinese side believes that with the continuous improvement of sino-indian relations , the joint working group 's work will be able to achieve continuous positive results .
the spokesman said : china stands ready to continue to play a constructive role in maintaining peace and stability on the peninsula in the days to come .
minister yi expressed satisfaction over the successes accomplished in the many cooperation projects that have been established or being carried out between the two countries in recent years .
at the invitation of tang jiaxuan , yi chung-pin and his party arrived in beijing by plane today to begin their official visit in china .
further , when mr. koo visited beijing , jiang zemin and qian qichen personally met with him and the two sides exchanged opinions fully and extensively .
the arats ' description was : " both the two sides of the taiwan strait uphold the one-china principle and strive to seek national reunification .
demirel said : turkey respects china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and opposes any forms of national splittist activities that interfere with the tranquility in other countries .
on information-dependent battlefields in the future , the struggle between the two sides in fighting strength will become a competition in the quality of officers and soldiers .
we extend a lofty salute to the labor models and advanced workers who had made outstanding contributions in reform , opening up , and socialist modernization !
we must implement the guideline of wholeheartedly relying on the working class throughout the entire process of reform , opening up , and socialist modernization .
it is necessary to perfect the cadre selection and employment system , and intensify the application of open selection and competition for posts in selecting outstanding young cadres .
his advanced deeds have been propagated by this news agency and all major media in the country , and have since evoked great repercussions in society .
it is exactly because of such backbone and soul that the chinese nation can keep growing for 5,000 despite all kinds of hardships and perils .
if problems of this kind cannot be brought under an effective control , the future and fate of our party and our country will prove extremely worrying .
whether we adopt a dogmatist approach or a historical approach towards marxism is an issue of crucial importance to strengthening people 's conviction in marxism .
meanwhile , i have also come to see that to strengthen our conviction in marxism , we should also make repeated comparisons among different theories .
as a matter of fact , the faded , or even shaken , conviction in marxism among some people are imputable to complicated subjective and objective factors .
i often ask myself : if deng xiaoping did not safeguard the banner of mao zedong thought in those years , what would become of our society today ?
several air force airports for war preparations and military bases that had originally been closed in south eastern coastal areas reopened due to cross-strait tensions .
for instance , an air force airport for war preparations that had been closed for several years in liancheng county in western fujian reopened recently .
the " three represents " are the overall requirement for the party and should be given expression in the words and deeds of each party member .
li peng , zhu rongji , li ruihuan , hu jintao , wei jianxing , li lanqing and other party and state leaders attended the commendation meeting .
according to analysis by military observers , this is an adaptation move adopted by the us navy for attaining its strategy of developing from sea to land .
in the world today , the united states has a full range of " hi-tech , precision , and sophisticated " military technology and weaponry .
personnel cultivation is a type of arduous and detailed work ; everybody has the responsibility to cultivate personnel , and everyone has the responsibility to create talent .
construct an atmosphere conducive to talent showing itself when the circumstances are good and talent is prosperous , this is a basic normality for the growth of talent .
many years of practice tells us that if people are used fairly , affairs will prosper ; if people are used a wry , affairs will decline .
just because of this , we repeatedly stress : " if the organization is fair , and the leadership is just , the masses will respond fairly " .
we should particularly point out that the militarist force inside japan has become more arrogant as japan uses its utmost effort to expand its military might .
in august 1945 , japan announced an unconditional surrender , and the chinese nationality won a full-scale victory in the first war of nationality in the modern times .
however , in the eye of annette lu , a scum of the nation , this was a day of " extreme injustice and absurdity . "
moreover , the 1st class a group army in hangzhou , which is under the nanjing military region , also has been transferred to fujian recently .
[ 0200 ] on march 9 , dalian customs in the bayuquan harbor district seized 100 kilos of smuggled " ice " intended for export .
on march 8 , the yingkou import / export company made another customs declaration , applying to bayuquan customs to export 16.8 tons of edible salt to japan .
[ 0200 ] on the 9th , they discovered that the 100 kilos of white crystals packed in seven of the cardboard boxes was not edible salt .
yu liegui indicated : during the past two years of the three-year difficulty-relief work , the state finance has been providing funds and policy guarantees for the work .
in spite of the aforementioned measures , the capital adequacy ratio of the state-owned commercial banks still did not reach the level approved by the international banking industry .
in the near future , the self-accumulative ability of the state-owned commercial banks depending on the after-tax profits still cannot fill up this capital gap .
without a unified yardstick , the condition of exercising supervision at will and case-to-case bargaining ( yi dui yi tao jia huan jia ) will easily emerge .
the total assets were 2.2 trillion yuan , and the sum of total assets after being weighted over risks amounted to approximately 1.76 trillion yuan .
before 1993 , china 's financial stipulations on the reserve funds for credit risks in the commercial banks did not tally with the market economic principle .
since 1997 , the party 's central committee and the state council have adopted three policy measures to help the state-owned commercial banks raise their capital adequacy ratios .
i think we should pay attention to the following aspects : -- mobilize deposits and make rational allocation of the large amount of deposit resources .
all this has demonstrated that the importance of the large-sized commercial banks no longer manifests itself in the government 's direct control of the deposit resources .
over the past 20 years , western china has been presented with many strategic opportunities but has not been able to spur widespread development in the west .
as integrated circuits concern economic development and national security , we should promote integrated circuits development by integrating the state will with a market mechanism .
at present , despite full-capacity operation and an excellent situation of production in our integrated circuits sector , we have still failed to meet the market demand .
currently , four of the taiwanese investment zones and two of the cross-strait agricultural cooperative experimental zones established in the nation are located in fujian .
a responsible official in the city government says that a batch of documents on procedures related to approval and unreasonable fees will also be abolished .
so far as the scale structure is concerned , a number of non-public enterprises with a large scale and abundant strength should be developed in some sections .
these agreements , accords , and promises are precisely the rules that must be commonly observed by all wto members in conducting economic and trade exchanges .
it is impossible to win the game if we bind the hands and feet of our enterprises and then have them fight against foreign " heavyweight boxers . "
the availability of options in virtual reality also reflects in the fact that theories can be tested and verified to provide basis for developing and creating new theories .
the integration , coordination and effectiveness of information operations have determined the necessity of establishing an integrated command and control organ to keep pace with information operations .
the people 's war on the net is a brand-new task and it has two characteristics , namely , a war of mass character and high technology .
however , data is only a quantitative description of the digitized battlefield , it is required for computers to take part in assisting in combat decisions .
if this figure is less than 20 per cent , then this shows clearly the rationality of its foreign debt structure . the contrary presages danger .
based on this usual practice , china current short-term foreign debt of 10 per cent of total foreign debt is far below the internationally recognized warning line .
foreign currency reserves are ten times the amount of short-term foreign debt , indicating that china still has quite a strong ability to repay debt .
although this can completely dispel people doubts about china ability to repay debts , this does not mean that china foreign debt status is completely satisfactory .
the session held that harnessing rivers is a job involving many things , and it is imperative to respect science and handle things in line with scientific rules .
flood prevention projects , dykes for large rivers in particular , are important protective screens against floods , and the function of them are irreplaceable .
fourth , earnestly sum up the successful experience drawn in conducting education in the " three represents " and apply the experience in the party 's routine activities .
it has been more than 20 years since china adopted a strict family planning policy . nationwide , the results of this policy have been striking .
the recent hostage crisis in sierra leone , a small country in western africa , created a great sensation , becoming a major focal point of worldwide concern .
the only way to do this is to practice " falungong " to " climb to a higher level " , ultimately achieving " satisfaction " .
under the influence of this trend of thought , a great deal of quality arms and equipment which had not yet come into service was rapidly discarded .
this is an important characteristic of us arms sales to taiwan , because combat strength can be formed more easily and rapidly by this means .
the chengdu development zone has promised that the entire process for domestic enterprises takes only seven workdays and that for foreign-funded enterprises , 10 workdays .
the authors of marxist classic works also made many expositions on the relationship between the building of a proletarian political party and a social and cultural development .
lenin believed : " communism is generated from the sum total of man 's knowledge , and marxism serves as a typical example in this respect . "
it must be noticed that the fulfillment of this historical task is closely related to the firm mastery of the essential connotations of the " three represents . "
from january to april , yunnan uncovered 23 cases of this type , seizing 38 tons of chemicals that can be easily be made into drugs .
on 20 may , taiwan new leader chen shui-bian issued an inauguration speech titled " taiwan stands up -- welcoming ascendancy into the new age . "
speaking of relations on both sides of the taiwan straits , lee teng-hui line was a path of national territorial splittism and striving for " taiwan independence . "
this seems to give people a topsy turvy feeling ; was it perhaps a mistaken choice by the taiwan people to see lee teng-hui step down ?
over the past few years , china issued about 100 billion yuan worth of additional construction bonds each year , which is a very prudent action .
the tide and trend of the times , as well as the situation and special features of social changes , have all placed many new subjects before us .
but the aforementioned wording reverses the premises and conditions for the use of force and attempts to blame the possible use of force on china .
the important thinking on " three represents " is the foundation of our party , the basis of our rule , and the source of our strength .
as the cpc 's important leader in the ideological front , comrade hu qiaomu was a staunch fighter with strong party spirit and a firm stand .
following the third plenary session of the 11th party central committee , comrade hu qiaomu directly guided the major projects in the new china 's publication history .
he was the director of the general editorial board of " china encyclopedia " as well as the initiator of " contemporary china book series " .
comrade hu qiaomu pointed out : literature and art reflects the socialist content of our social life , and this is an inevitable requirement of history .
regarding the excellent creations of our country 's writers and artists , he always enthusiastically made speeches and wrote articles to affirm and praise them .
on the other hand , viewed from the angle of the development of the capital market , the entry of insurance funds is also indispensable .
recollecting their achievements , we should study their grand patriotic spirit , contributing their strength to reawakening the masses and bringing prosperity to the homeland .
shandong 's current economic operation is fine and the trend of development is good . however , there are many difficulties and problems that demand prompt solution .
from the above , it can be seen that he was avoiding the issue of one china to leave room for separating taiwan from china in the future .
if ch 'en shui-bian is not resolved to accept one china today , he would miss the opportunity and it would be too late to repent .
li , however , felt he had been wrongly accused because he knew nothing about it . this resulted in an enormous spiritual pressure on him .
to prevent him from trying to kill himself again if he should lose control over himself , the department concerned sent special people to protect him .
according to incomplete statistics , since the founding of the republic , there have been more than 300 incidents in which china ' maritime rights are seriously violated .
the ocean , the cradle of life and the treasure house of natural resources , is where mankind can place its hope for sustainable development .
reporter : faced with an international market marked by fierce competition , how do you appraise china 's shipbuilding industry 's competitiveness on such an international market ?
strengthening ideological and political construction and firmly taking over the ideological battlefield in military academies and universities with marxism have become pressing tasks lying ahead of us .
we must base our answers and solutions to these problems on our military realities , must adhere to materialist dialectics and must prevent being one-sided and metaphysical .
however , the advocacy of globalization by western politicians does not mean that globalization is a blessing to the west and a disaster to the east .
meanwhile , the new economy has greatly widened the income gap between employees with a higher educational background and those who have never received higher education .
when engaged in globalization , one must not forget nationalization therefore , it can be said a one-sided concept to regard globalization as a synonym for westernization .
first , in the struggle for international economic and political dominance , we must pay close attention to the formulation of the " rules of the game . "
the objective trend of globalization is calling for international cooperation on a global scale , and a global cooperation has far exceeded the scope of the economy .
it should be noted , however , that strengthening our ideals and convictions remains a very practical and urgent task in ideological and political construction .
even if the military weaponry and equipment of developed countries have already gradually moved toward informationization , military theory and military structure have not shown any qualitative change .
china 's military should refer to the experience of others and use new mechanisms to promote the priority completion of the informationization leap by leaders at all levels .
china 's military should become adept at using computer networks and advanced simulation and scenario methods to complete the informationization leap at the " pre-reality line . "
to realize a leap in military training , the most fundamental issue is that contemporary training methods should mainly employ measures that use informationization training .
yet , the taiwan leader took an evasive and vague position [ on the one-china principle ] in his speech ; this was an obvious retrogression .
when chiang kai-shek and his son ruled taiwan for several decades , they always claimed that " there is only one china and china must unified . "
on the border issue , zhang qiyue said : the issue on borders between china and india is a complicated one left over from history .
he said he believed mirza 's visit would continue to enhance the friendship and cooperation between the armed forces , especially the navies , of the two countries .
china hopes that when reconsidering the treaty , relevant sides will be prudent and consider the impact of the treaty on the disarmament process of the whole world .
ishihara 's repeated attacks on china have fully exposed his ugly face of interfering in china 's internal affairs and undermining the great cause of reunifying china .
it is reported that the supreme people 's procuratorate will also issue a circular soon prohibiting mainland procuratorial personnel from going to hong kong and investigating cases there .
those kind-hearted people should believe that at least chen shui-bian eventually did mention " one china " and he just regarded it to be in the future .
in fact , those " taiwan independence " elements do not generally oppose the saying that " there is only one china in the world . "
regardless of its aims or however high-sounding its reasons are , war can always do the biggest harm to freedom , democracy , and human rights . "
by pushing " one china " to the future , the speech simply aims to leave room for further putting off the settlement of the taiwan issue .
peace is not the highest goal we have already " heard his words , " and next we need to " judge him by his deeds . "
-- improve legal consultation service to the government , actively popularize chunan experience , and establish the legal consultation system at the county and township level .
whether china can join the wto or not , it will further open up to the outside world on the existing basis in accordance with its own timetable .
then , with the implementation of a series of macroeconomic regulatory and control measures , we were able to make a smooth " soft landing " in 1996 .
the bilateral relations have developed rapidly , and the development of the relations between the two armed forces has been satisfactory since the two countries established diplomatic relations .
with comprehensive agricultural development being the state 's strategic measure to support and protect agricultural development , we must carry out the work closely around agricultural structural readjustment .
it has been learned : the bill contains conditions that interfere in china 's internal affairs on the excuse of human rights and other issues .
the chinese government has made solemn representation to the us government and explicitly declared that it is strongly opposed to the articles and that these articles are unacceptable .
however , the officials of the guangzhou city people 's air-defense office say that in case of war , air-defense facilities should of course play their original role .
a major reason for this is that these leading cadres have slackened their efforts to remold their world outlook and deviated from the revolutionary integrity of communists . "
hence , consciously adhering to the revolutionary integrity and keeping honest and clean constitute a major task that must be fulfilled by leading cadres at all levels .
the prc was established in 1949 . this was the historic choice of the chinese people on the question of the right to represent china .
the attendees also expressed their determination to oppose " taiwan independence " and to promote reunification and their strong wish to materialize the motherland 's reunification .
over the years , adherence to the one-china principle has been a common stand of and the foundation of cooperation between the two sides of the strait .
business circles have vigorously pushed the pntr bill . reports say that us commercial circles have spent $ 8 million on tv and radio advertising for the bill .
the third meeting for the economic and trade sub-committee under the committee for regular meetings of the premiers of china and russia was held in moscow recently .
in answering a reporter 's question at today 's news briefing , zhang qiyue said : china currently is making positive efforts to formally accede to the wto .
heads of state of the eight countries will hold their annual meeting . china hopes that they will not do anything to interfere in china 's internal affairs .
to this , zhang qiyue reiterated : china hopes japan will draw on deep lessons from the history and prevent from following the same old disastrous road .
the spokesperson indicated that , at present , the unsc is examining lebanon-related issues , such as the sending of un peacekeeping troops to lebanon .
bilateral economic cooperation , including allowing market entry , patent rights , private investment , and joint ventures , will rise to a higher level .
clinton 's desire to do away with the " mfn card " which certain congressmen had played for 10 years was an extremely arduous political project .
they made suggestions on how government officials should openly show themselves , how to plan various moves , and how to answer congressmen 's questions .
second , the passage of pntr also represents us interests during the course of pursuing development of sino-us relations by the us government and society .
zhu feng said : the pntr bill is a continuation of the bilateral wto access agreement signed by china and the united states on 15 november 1999 .
according to the wto bilateral trade regulations , the united states should grant pntr to china , and this is an inescapable duty of the clinton administration .
egyptian president mubarak sent a cable congratulating lebanese leaders and calling the israeli military withdrawal an important step toward realizing peace in the middle east .
economic elements , economic interests , lifestyles in society , organizational forms of society , jobs and employment modes have all become more and more diversified .
therefore , we must keep ourselves sober-minded , raise our political awareness , and always maintain the guiding position of marxism in the ideological front .
great achievements have been made in our ideological and political work , which has played an important role in promoting reform , development , and stability .
it should be said that most cadres of our party did attach importance to ideological and political work , and did make efforts in their work .
however , this is limited to practitioners who are truly dedicated to their self-cultivation . just sitting there does not make you a practitioner of self-cultivation .
gad deputy director hu shixiang , deputy political commissar zhu zengquan , and relevant leaders of the gad organs and affiliated academies and schools attended today 's meeting .
attending the meeting are some 200 representatives from 22 countries and regions , including ministers , other officials , experts , academics , and business people .
if he believes that adopting an evasive and vague attitude toward the one china principle can allow him to slip by in confusion , this is absolutely impossible .